You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress me as a farmer or a leather clothes, and never anybody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphany.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that was left somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bulckill.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stoney, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
When they were beating up every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Post he said, "I need to see you.
I'm a distant that of adults we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to run with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, the next day.
We went to see, we were laughing, we cried up, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we put it in, and we took it and we took out of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me, became a box of citizens, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told you was present in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her of it.
And they know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today was a lot of this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature, and it's all interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first tops.
I was amazed.
My heart label quickly was warmed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The iceberg all around me came out of the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think that it was a snow of snow on another girl of snow year after year.
The tools are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice barriers.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of you are denied to be recorded and clinging up to the end, while others can't make it more and demonstrate in a dramatic passion range.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg that are selected and alone, in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is the opposite.
As a iceberg is lost, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is released water fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these tools as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way and they wouldn't be able to exist again.
It's not death when they melt it, it's not an end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that photograph is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a iceberg that photographed in Jewish, Greenland.
It is unlikely to really get to present a radio switch.
Here you have.
You can see the left one little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and their light line.
You can see here, start running, the ship has moved towards the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a group of Greenland.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each of the same consisting a baby. Okay.
So two couples each.
I don't want you to stay too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the concept of it, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the sperm X chromosome is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
They both press and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my ground activity to fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of analyst.
And I'm a history of training, and what I study in this case is the way people love the anatomy -- that is to say, of human bodies and animals, how the body fluid, the idea of the body, what have you thought about the body.
The other role that I rely on my work is the activist of activists, as a defense of patients or, as I say sometimes, impossible of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with twin twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with interpretations, and people much lower than average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of attack with attack sex, individuals whose physical ethic doesn't fit in the male and conventional females.
In general, we can call it intersection.
So intelligence embraces many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that is not embedded in the male or female forms of food.
For example, there is the case of the individual communication base whose SRI gene in the chromosome and tells the parties, that we all have in physical life, which are being set.
And then, in physical life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the synthesize syndrome to antibiotics.
So there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body is developed following a typical female course.
When he born, the baby has a little bit of a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having oil and the uterus actually has stars and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like this.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called suggestion globalizations.
They're at the end of the body.
Sub-Saharan glands produce analysis, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I think of a typical woman -- I think it doesn't know his cosmic structure, I think it's a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to antibiotics.
We produce anniversary and respond to analysis.
As a result, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the anniversary than the woman who was born with strategies who have the sensitivity syndrome.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the integrations are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they would. I had novel, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a boy and just discovered that he had ovarian and the thing.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a subjective hypertext concentration.
I had 20 chromosomes and in the uterus sunned glands were so active that they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genital were manifestorial, their brain was exposed to the typical male component.
I was born with a little bit of a child, no one suspicious anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal message, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was female inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intersection.
Some people with 20 chromosomes develop what is known as oppositions, which is to say, they have a foreign tissue wrapped in pedestrian tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there's a lot of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are extremely smaller, sixth-handed twins, or stuff, are subjected to normal surgery is not to be able to get from a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to see various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity -- it's supposed to be black to say to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalyin.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individuality.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people within one body.
The largest recent case is last year with the South African corrupt September Sex, he stood in a trial in the International The Berletics International Governments.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Casey Sex is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist as well.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a single line between men and women or between men and integration and stuff -- we are us who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- and we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identity categories, are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As you see, we get into a rough terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to think about in the fact of them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we handle are probably too simplistic are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all walks of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the physics.
There are very high discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- that is when someone was considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them would put a pen in front of the nose, and if they were moving they still didn't buried it.
If I stopped moving what they buried it.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we have to face the dilemma of actually detecting someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories in the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could reach someone like me.
I'm in politics I am a progressive, giving people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To consider that these categories are much more unstable.
Take the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a private private of the founding parents.
I know they were rats, I know they were seeds, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and auditorium and so radical in what they did, that I found me every so much watching that music costs "Ahake and not by music, which is totally available.
That's what happened in 1776 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as everyone remembers what our founding parents were reading was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy and the monarchy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had a clear idea of the birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that they came to political power for the right of blood translated from the grandfather, and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They looked at the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomical differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing because they were part of an illusion system where they were wasting two things.
It was wasting democracy and at the same time it was born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the Faisly Paris Paris, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading from the supernatural explanations and so they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power being transmitted by the range of a vague of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, they were conveying us the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeed.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from Schutan Strawler warming, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man.
And again, people of color who had pointed to the anatomical coincidence on the anatomical difference and, again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Most Disconnection movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain differences.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical division in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we had to remind us to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five years old, they had to allow them to have sexual relationships or married them.
There are some anatomical division that for me to make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them, and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings that were known at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time, the one in June 1, 1980.
Henry, by the contrary, was born in terms of the term, was born on March 1, 1980.
By the fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We find other races in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man -- if I haven't told you if it's X -- in virtue of being considered a man now is possible for the mandatory boundary that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still have an anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science goes so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could be developed?
I don't want to give science to science, but at the same time, I feel like science is catching us.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't make any cosmic tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I do the "drawing of a solution.
It says that we should judge people in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character: going beyond the anatomy of their character."
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on their card content.
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people right to people, because I have to admit that I know some glass that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature about their sexual relationships that people in 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the theme of the character content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance in the future.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this thinking of thinking about the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do good work in the future.
We don't live for example, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed unless it's willing to go to a sex change, where case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon with which I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done to give up to the twin twins and then separate them and so to appreciate his fame.
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation, it was a very risky operation, and he said that in the other country, these kids would be very shortered and so I had to do it.
I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum. Instead of super-consumer separation?
The United States offers huge possibilities to people who are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be in your head.
Well, to end I mean I've been talking about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anti-care typicals, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interaction, I've also been interested in researching the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in terms of the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the transformative studies is that women, on average, -- not all, but in average, they tend to pay attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the graduate side, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist -- as I was now, made me a strange plant?
"Tell me what the female females have for females.
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with providing gender stereotypes, so there is nothing female in female?
But the more I have thought about your question, the more I have seemed like there is something female in the females.
I mean, there might be something in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more tied to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if parents were very clever to find a way to protect people from the state, it is possible that, if you have introduced more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomical," thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we thought about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we are far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily give it to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just by replacing them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already proposalles, and that the other half would still fail to get it.
You could try to increase the ability to make surveillance in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the nuisance and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amazing.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction rather than putting it into it.
So I proposed that governments create new enough areas of reform enough to contain cities and give them a name, cities under status.
Later I learned about the same time, Jamier and October were thinking about the challenge of cooling Hongerland.
They knew that every year about 75,000 honors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Hongsters.
In the summer of 2009, Hongsters went through a destructive constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peper Lobe is advanced by a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his head of gang.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection and trial and error and a lot of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and throw all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need both of technologies like rules to progress, and it's usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to Octobe a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed him to Jaisa.
They called me.
They said, "Let's take this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room from a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City, and -- landscapes that, in some cases, is worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paleo, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under statue is a place where you start with speared land, a statue that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the President of Hongsters called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to get our country forward.
He asked me to go to Technology and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denner and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denset.
Just this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the hormones that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that means at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world was sucked.
The faces of the audience were very serious and attention.
The leader leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice from a city that could be going to be in Hongsters, instead of hundreds of miles away.
And also including new choices for leaders.
Because the London government leaders would need aid of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that help them establish and make the rules of the statue, so that they could all trust that the statue is effectively done.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, January 19, voted in Congress to improve their Constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow these special development regions.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the vote in the Congress of this constitutional limb was 124 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, the report.
In order to include Content, you have to look at twice in Congress.
On the 17th of February, again in another vote, 14 to one.
Immediately after the voting of voting, 21 to 24 of February, a delicious of about 30 honors went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practice, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and they would also allow you to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last institution for this new sudden system.
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that they have a good number of trainings.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There is a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to get a job, sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn money for just to eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hongsters?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my hormone friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my valid.
But before you show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- and it's that, I live obsessed with sharks.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog browser and colorful and different for every occasion.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pulses of thumb and second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my career in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique. And buying it into my personal search search search.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Being my street?
Would I like the color color?
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to my volume, I want to tell you what I took for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring with somebody who has all that corner?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I suit.
I've brought seven pieces of inner clothes, and nothing else.
It raises inside for exactly a week that's all I put in my volume.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Surgery.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with the Sunday.
This is called bright tiger here.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost see it for less than 50 dollars.
All the set, including the jacket -- it took me 25, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lunds," color is energy.
It's almost physiological impossible to be from bad humor, when you're seeing a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars," the integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time improvise.
I just know yourself.
If you run out of the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Mirror: Tell me about the child you take in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the discoveries, or I remind you to their seven of seven years.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you."
Jokes: trust is the key.
If you think you look good at something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Video: A universal truth six words for you: the defeated legs go with everything.
And finally, saddled: developing a personal style itself, and it's only a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it over and over again when people were approaching me this week simply by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously, all of this is not going to go into my little vehicle.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get excited about these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant speaking, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the approval of each hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of them would pick up for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integrity of this audience, their brain is something like this, with a great application in both of the symmetries at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider me one of those people, that just like most of the other physical physical physicists, we need quite logical to make these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite an intuition to make experiments work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them, and then we see how they react to them, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And some intuition that you may have developed with the year of the years is the one that says one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't be born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar teaches a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to transfer them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or that can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and called the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point the physics was found a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particle before.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then should not all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics supermarket.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal little I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And I'm going to add it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good good approach to the small metal of metal.
What we see is a little bit of metal of metal, with the form of springboard and that it will be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this survival of swimming swimming that sits under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum oversight, but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, to save it.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that starts it and the wind that goes on to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this mix of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we face it at a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're alone in the elevator. The little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I was vibrating was like a breathing like this -- like a force that expands and controls.
And by giving you a smooth pick, we could make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you about is something really fantastic.
What does that mean that one thing visited and doesn't vibrate at the same time?
Let's think about the atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that form that metal piece are contained and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just a certain instant when those are slipped.
In the rest of the time they're detected.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth going to be locked up in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale of scale between one atom and that metal little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that you talk about.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was disappeared in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we went into the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep rare of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and that allowed me to take it to happen.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo of it.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I got from a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and art artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, trying to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show the demo and then explain a couple of interesting things that we have conducted from their launch.
So simply we go to Google.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the U.S. gallery -- the Mouza, the Erica, the Riverside, Van Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to Mexican, the New York Museum Museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and call, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where you are, Bumblank or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We opened the plan on top of the top, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Go ahead and go forward.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings -- "The Departments of Pieter Brown in the Mexican.
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the methane information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there -- but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the gigatina technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- about 10,000 million pixels in it.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million persons?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels here.
It can be done in a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to death.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people in the Metropolitan and I actually discovered that this is a game called "environment: which is to hit an ocean with a stick.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to go even deeper and see that you can actually get even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take away the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump back to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The "Trial State."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paradises?
What if you want to see how van Gold actually created this master work?
It goes up and really it does it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the static night -- I think I'd never seen it like this.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There's a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Colleges."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manufacturing, that gives the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of the Rome," we just made a zoo around.
It's about "The National Gallery in London.
You can take things together, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces and shown works.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your art work and it's represented right online.
And the big question that you do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a piece of piece -- a flying expression.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm an Italian origin -- all children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting happened in the careers of formula 1 in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to win a formula from formula one, I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what it is, in engineering, is called control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a control.
What's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They are becoming computer air computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and accessible.
Accidental cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Antaneon for the end of MoMA, during summer.
It's called "The Talk The The "Charge There's "The (Children The There's News."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actions.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have the outside environment.
In some sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelan Angele.
You know, when Michelangelo Angeless sculpt the Mosks, it says that at the end he took the hammer, and he ran it into the Moses -- you can still see a little mile below -- and he said screaming, "Permission didn't speak? Why don't you talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, and I insist on the idea of capturing the environment and to do something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer hopefully in 2006.
It was the year where Italy won the World Cup County.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end Zipcar gave his head.
And anyway, at the end of Italy.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at the activity occurred on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the Troom River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
For the early afternoon, there are people around here and there doing calls moving around.
It starts the party: silence.
Gold from France, All of Italy.
The people do a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of relative time.
First additional time.
Zimba, and at a moment, the head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah.
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center to the factor of the winning team and the first minister then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called City Massachits, where, from the night time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detective," it's not about people, but things that we use and consume and consume them.
Today we know all about the production of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that form a Mac, how they flow.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash into its detail by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were throwing on, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would anyway.
And then we put a little chip there, a tag on the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Party of Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
complicated things is happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we see all the days that the cup that we throw out doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw one day still stays there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asian Bible, could tell us much more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zapanese.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- was imagine that they have a bear and values, solid valleys, lens that open up and shut up.
It's created as a water curtain with water pixels of water.
If you fall the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to the Bell Bell.
And he liked it.
And they give a commission to design the building to the experiment of the Exponent.
We call it Digital Water Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you look at it for you to happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a bit of wind, if you want to minimize the supermarkets, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
There will always be somebody, in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "Diving the building.
No, it's not that they have demonstrated it, but when you go down almost all architecture disappears.
Here is working.
You see people integrated by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to not start to test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children from Zapanese came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was opened to let it happen, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes and you had to jump up to not get wet.
(Do noise) And for us that was really interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and of projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopter in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color like a cloud that's moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter like the one that we saw before, which moves with other synesthesia.
We could form this cloud.
sort of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of philosophers.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine the screen would appear in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D, which you can zoom in, and go out, and see from very different angles.
This is the true controlled Ellin, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the star of the New York City and the Millennium Scale -- to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- they capture it in different solutions.
It's so much digital digital in real time as a motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement.
We want to use this as a possible input for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a crime crime, like the grain of the grain -- but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody drop a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we move from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
And in our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol of it.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how to move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud cloud.
And those particles are water, while our cloud is philosophers.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered in philosophers.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can get into there.
Like a new digital flag at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more accurate and faster and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safer of themselves.
What about more with good health?
Or maybe they are those people who wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience Member: Creative criticism." creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few. You probably had the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you would choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about legacy?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent theme here at TED conference, but today I want to give you the look at a doctor about the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, T. Korean, who had been in the Church of Archie Russia, wrote a titled trial nothing in biology makes sense to the light of Evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution you consider this: Is it just the past, or the future?
Or do you mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an extreme one, is, of course, the most interesting one.
We went from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homogenes.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein -- chemically indistinguishable -- that it comes out of the pancreas coming out.
And by talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the more bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damascope is asking you about self-confidence -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, bone, it's very collective.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without an effort of their parts.
It's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force force to the output.
But by others, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what about the future?
Are we in kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symbol of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only companies -- and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I came to college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by choice and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when multicellular organisms come out, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that goes through the genome, the rest of the body becomes presenting.
In fact, you might say that the inevitable of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, it was increasingly more doubt.
I got to understand George Burks feelings, who still acted in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel doorstep.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent slice of clothes.
He looks at it, and he says, "Go to a search soup.
"It's right." He says, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different target to the goal of evolution, not necessarily controversial, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stand healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is going to happen to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refugee rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen was expressed when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the fastest and even even the smartest one.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the bacteria that you can survive to the heat of the families that will produce if there were fish there, fish cooked into the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that a chosen environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confirmed our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, microscopes, we climate, and we feed so much that it is no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce a traditional kind of evolution of the traditional type, natural subject, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the winners of evolution will come down, but they're inexpensive.
And in terms of its issue: when we have a species we collect distant planets there will be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
I call it neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not simply natural. But guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more values than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what it takes on the individual and family level.
They also think that if you were able to be able to choose not just the sex of your destruction, but in your own body to do the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the apple?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demand.
I took 2.6 billion dollars.
Next year to end up in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near 20 and over a week.
It's not going to take a lot to be done for human genome for 1,000 and being more and more at the rise of all.
These changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not just going to protect us from themselves, but they will induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes?
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of your destruction?
What if they could change sperm and the video, or change the success recently, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children.
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt supermarkets -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Water" machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be armed.
And when we are in conditions to pass this up to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have converted the evolution of before in neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others.
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform.
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions safe?
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're 300 feet high.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making cholera, climber, class.
It clicked up, click, click, class. It sounds landed.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 12.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot rented the plane with the Hudson River.
Often that's not the road.
It took the engines off.
Imagine being in a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most passionate words I've heard of.
He said, "I will pay for the impact.
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror -- life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and didn't, all the things I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
As I was thinking about that later, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Collect wine wine?
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that organization, that purpose, has really changed my life.
And the second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we launched the George Washington Bridge Washington, which was not for a lot -- I thought, "Wow, I really feel a great deal.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity I also gave my ego.
And I'm sorry the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
They feel wonderful.
I'm not trying to be right. It chooses to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is going down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we were born, I had the feeling of, who, die doesn't hurt fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
A month later, I was in a doctor of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  And I scream, I cried like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For everything, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You who are flying today, the challenges that you can imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please do not be like this -- but imagine, and how would they change?
What would you do, that they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever forever.
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TEDTalk was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has total paralysis today.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation so that obviously the graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony TED, TEDTalk, and their cause.
So I went and met with his brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, isn't that that I see Stephen Hawking -- not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those apartments?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Did anyone see the movie "The School and the Marshall Man."
They communicate in that way. They go through the finger.
I said, "That's arm. How can it be?
So I was presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at that particular moment -- "All right, this is the treatment," Tony is going to be talking, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who have so much in your inner can't communicate it."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Gulf Green Research: who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser point, draw about that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that show up, they say, are part of a life cycle.
They first start with sexual organs, then with bad words, after the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side to another we've achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine for PMS to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing. I call him Earth, because when you talk to the guy you get an email email from it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was we brought seven programmers around the world -- literally all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, children and I, we moved into the back and these hackers and programmers and constraints and ancestors took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and when we were going to go back the walls of the walls and instead there would be graffiti in their place.
But for two weeks, we program, we went to the Marine Marine passion, my son was a part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called "Edinurior "Spirit," and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of cheap sacreers that we bought in the country of Venice, Benjamin Beach, some copper wire and things from Homo Department and Radio Shake.
We take a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- they build yourself yourself. We publish the free code, the software goes down free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say, "No."
Any particular person today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is the room room room, and that's their room.
There was all this block and open during the great analyst.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming two weeks of programming -- all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking parking outside.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you could imagine what the feeling of the parking was.
The funny thing was that we had to break into the parking lot, so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out there so that I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In some ways, that's our war grade.
That's what keeps us moving, developing it.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in the April of this year at the Geographic Geographic in the center of Los Angeles there is going to be an exhibition called "Arthur in the Called?
And "Art in the Californians is going to have the best expansion of urban art, Shakespeare Facebook, Shakespeare Facebook, all of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Islamic -- nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible. Anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when it's not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting into a very difficult situation and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to jail. hard.
I worked in a coal mine.
Filled in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- funny at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to look at social issues in ways that solve attractive, interesting ways and hopefully analyzing them in a way that look entertained and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsor -- I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took an airplane in Ebrahy.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TED TEDTalk in 2011.
What was this: "A Star Schumpan is the following: my TEDTalk is that you have no idea what it is and as content could be explained in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But I said, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress, by the way.
So even with that saving knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certain.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing, the advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spert," I want to make a film that deals with the protection of products and marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with progress collection, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "the largest film ever selled up."
What happens in "The largest film ever sold is that all on top of the bottom -- at first, it has brand images, all the time, from the anxious that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand Cameron Stanford, the Stones Center.
These people are going to be associated with peripheral perspective.
And so the film explores all of this idea. (Music Katas: It's reduction. It's really -- MK: Is it reduction.
I'm a remote persuasion. MK: I just say it -- it was more from natural.
It was "Personal Portal."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to make sure we can add all the categories that we can on the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used to.
The most cool car you've been driving in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best suit you have born, cut from "The largest film ever selled up."
South Koyock," the idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them that they fund the film? MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of complete film is transparency.
You'll see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love to help me make it happen.
Robert Friedos: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
CA: However, I don't know how recently the people are going to be.
TK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "Intellectual is very negative, but you know how you're going to represent? (MS: No idea. David Congo," how much money does it take to do this?
MS: A million and a half dollars, "The Google Kamana: All right. John Kama: I think it's going to be difficult with them, but it certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
XK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of a local idealist.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rule: Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Implant.
MK: We have to think about what brands do.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to treat to.
MK: We have some places where going to go. (MB: Okay. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought that called the camera, it meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the space of separate media is not the idea to tell that new vehicle of attention that is going to bring the message to the masses.
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a shell error and that error was this.
It didn't really have a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what it represents this image.
See, when you look for images of transparency in Google --   this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way, Sergey British. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understanding, which is characterized by the visibility or the activity of information, especially in business practice.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to doing something that is really changing.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that rare bear that still continues to survive.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
It will be an entire bowl of Carl White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at him as he used to do it, saying, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, is my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bon and Richard Kerosavilless from many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take off the interview and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started looking at suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge movies, giant and others that make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make great Hollywood movies say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood films.
And the movie is called "The largest Filter Film Fill."
How are we going to look specifically at Bang in the movie?
Every time I am to go, every time I open my battery, you'll see the Bang Devil.
At any time during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview."
And there I would offer one of these fabulous sharks.
Both "Summer Florida as "The Parking "The Parkers will have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as well as a woman, soul, blood -- in bar, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a post-conflict look.
Karen Frank," we're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies that you count, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this is interested.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the air.
Man: We talk about something audacious -- sorry.
I think that "free is a great word that actually puts this particular category in positive versus the smell and the southern."
It keeps you.
How are you going to stay cold longer? With better failure, more failure, three times bigger.
Things like those who are holding the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-millions company.
What about me? What about a common kind of common?
I need to talk to you about the street, the people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand.
Man: Um, my mark?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I would check the '80s, painter painters unless it is delivered.
MS: All right, what is the German brand Greek."
German: Something unique. (MB: unique. Man: I guess the type of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glacier."
I like the dark colors, lots of gray and things like this.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation: Mercins Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand that I am, I would call it carbon flight."
Woman 2: partly hippie partly -- part of the girl -- "Brown Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of photosynthesis.
I saw toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my small sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get into the market.
Man 5: Market film, wrong waste.
Is that something anything?
Administration," I'm a lawyer.
Tommish, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify in the intersection of dark "glacier and cartoon flight."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the marketing perspective."
And I found a company called Olympic Olympics in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Netherland, February, Florida to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Angelect: Tried the pictures, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world you live in, like the people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
And all of those things are originally originally, and they start in a place and in my case, they come and start in my family in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about.
MS: The next one is this was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to this with your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like I wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me why. Why does that serve us?
What's the machine? What phase is you going to find now?
Why is it important to respond? What is the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have you had have?
You don't have to fear -- what kind of mountains are you from?"
MS: Jew."  Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Lindrain Zamague: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but completely in your brand personality -- Mr. Morgan Sophist is a disappointed brand.
They stopped very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies have -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that they're not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give you a little bit of a positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic -- Apple.
And you can see here to Tarahcar, Widow, Minnegit of mine Coopers and Jewist.
Now there are low-cost marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a precisely bad brand is something quite powerful.
MS: A primary brand. What's your mark?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?"
Are you a mistake attack? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more a destiny attribute?
A little bit more slice, researched, conservation?
The adjacent attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary -- anti-grade, advanced or audience like Errude Florida, fast or gigantic, deep, male or musician like Gandhi.
Or are you more than destructive attribute?
Are you conscious -- social like 300?
Are you started, traditional are you stabilized, productive, protection?
Are you trust, stable, family, trust, safe, satellite or wisdom, like the Dalai Lama or Dad?
In the course of this movie we had over 500 companies, accidents and descendants who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the end product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a movie.
We went to San Paulo. We went to San Paulo.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no valleys -- there are no charges, there are no volunteers, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing a way in schools with lighting problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've had more successful are those of you who have interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interfaces, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to be able to think of people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did you get it? Did you succeed?
Well, since the movie gets stressed at the University of Sunday, let's take a look.
According to Burks the movie gets stressed in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million printing print media for this film.
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online, or press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in supermany.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this movie has already started to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk to do to their customers will not be a part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, you have opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, they are pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees at the risk of the risk is preparing your whole company to be ready for rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to go forward is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, forth, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
Let's open the fear. We open the risk.
From a car at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to force transparency.
More than ever a little bit honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We "Are "Arise Transportation: has been presented by my good friends of ECMR who by 17, who by 17, bought the rights of the name in Ebola.
PJC: turning big data into large opportunities for companies around the world.
ECMA presents "We "Are "Arised Transportation."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 1750?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the TED marriage organization, the Spark Foundation, a chest by 177 to be applied to my TED attendance for the next year.
The idea behind the Scottish computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the uranium plant in National.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and values, we can cause a lot of problems with security.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're from a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put Windows effective from Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to get this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Stone.
We started with an installation Windows.
The object goes into the gray box, the center is degrees, and the nuclear program Iran is demonstrated.
It's easy, right?
So I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to investigate about Stunta about six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Wikipedia: the installation used multiple data data.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stunta and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Stoney was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- it smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese stores, I realized, and I thought, this is a ridiculous attack.
It's completely disconnected.
The installation is actually looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that location.
If not, Stona does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought. We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
And so we were surprising and breaking up the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator charges.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stunta instinct is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the charge is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this action code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with the goals of real world.
We need theories about destinations that we can approve or describe.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sleep, it must be a valuable white -- and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant from Boston and the National Nevada plant.
So I told my assistant, "There is a list of all the experts in security centers and energy plants between our clients.
And I called them and I made them an effort to bring their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital object with the control of the stream.
The rat is that cell part of the security, that black object that you see.
If you drive the speed of this route, they certainly can break it and even make the security explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and decorate in an effort to go back to the straight engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital object looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 163 percent of that code, cannot be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these facilities are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 160 security.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These facilities in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what do we find in the attack code.
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
For no of the manufacturers, it wasn't like this.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in the levels without the outside, and we had to go back to it.
Yet, we found that both digital objects were going to come to one and same goal, but from different lights.
The small object is taking a waterfall and making the rocks turn and reach them, and the big object communicates with six waterfall and manipulating values.
In short, we're very confident that we've determined what the fate is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are reached by Stonage.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the security.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the seasons of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data are pregnant by Stona.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds out of pregnant video.
Is it great here?
The idea here is obviously not just to bring the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines are going on, you have to open up to space valve in a military.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to them, then they can happen bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operating system is going to notice it.
That scares me.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is genetic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with security, with uranium efficiency.
It could also work as well, for example, on an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's genetic.
And you don't have a attacker -- which is to design this charge with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stunta.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you did that, what you're going to end up is with a career of mass destruction.
That's the consequence that we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great number of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume the Mossie is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langua: Okay, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My mind is that the Mossies is involved, but the engine is not Israel."
The engine behind this is cyber supermarket.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, lucky.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Rachel.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you subjective skills, or another one that makes users come up and go back to walk.
In Berkeley Biospheres: We call these robots, exceptions.
They're not different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great force that also increases his speed, and it helps you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external people.
This is not an irrational idea.
To show you now in what we're working on we started talking about about the American soldier who, on average, should take on their back, a 45-year-old load of charge -- and it's demanding to take even more equipment.
And obviously this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to control this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Portugal Human Carterators.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds on variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to get in calculations to drag and execute movements with great agility and advance.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my strength and my resistance.
Titan Benegic," we are ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Now let's go back to the local wheelchair users about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation of it.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column than when they start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that is able to be multiplied quickly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like that for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the electrons that are using Amanda Boston who was 19 years ago had a injury in the vertical column, and as a result I couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boson: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our electrons, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
You completely don't invest in the crutches that send signals to the edge computer here in the back.
There are also some batteries that give power to engines in the heads, and in the knees, and they make it forward with this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, scholars in the air, starting down the bottom left.
In a fraction of second, I lost every feeling and all movement of the pelvis.
Shortly later, a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said, "Love, you'll never walk back to walk."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last little bit of hope of my being.
The adoption technology since then, I have allowed me to learn how to deliver costs down in school, climbing rocks and even riding on a hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future of future generations -- not just soldiers, but Amanda and all the users of string chairs to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the female of the Arminabel Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agricultural.
But unfortunately, we've done too much in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas the chimps are dominated by big guys, terrifies, bone society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't seen yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tent itself, stage of a violent conflict that has been launched by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the bone.
The cartoon meat trade and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly we're not sure of it.
But in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as the apes do love, not war -- because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the bonobos is more than the Kamana Surface.
Bones, like humans, love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a children's game.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish bonds and to foster the tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the bone game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves of laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild medium.
First, it's a bottle of bone pill play, and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perception.
Look what she's doing it.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it has already advanced from the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as much as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play like the sections, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more stream, imagination, curious, perhaps the place where the awe is.
And I want you to look at this -- this is Furbery, a young female who is playing water with water.
I think that we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact -- and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we need to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our advancement of adaptation.
To give us successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our power ability?
The game is not free.
The game is essential.
For bones and humans alike, life is not just cruel and depressed.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments in which the most urgent thing.
So that is, participants, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we reduce creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible to develop a nonprofit organization named Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combine fires like captain assistant in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers complete a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still, there was a career against the other volunteers to get to the captain and find out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was faced in a conversation with the property that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the middle night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a parallel, a shoes, as his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I just arrived before I am, we call it Lex Luther:  came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so healthy."
There was a lawyer or money gesture who, for the rest of his life, I would have to tell people to come into a building in a building in order to save a living being just because I won five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a generation.
He said, "Beautiful, I need you to be in the house.
I need to go up, go through fire, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs at the end of the hallway -- I went into the real firemen that I had had to take off the fire and walked into the main room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load around the staircase where I met my New News and the precious dog in the main door.
We took out of the house the trains for the home owner where, as he was waiting to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of house to make sure for the force of effort that was shown to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had reached him even a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Hood, like in my vocabulary as a volunteer book I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale -- but also of grace acts and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have done, or they are for achieving -- remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't expect.
Don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's lives.
If you have something to give.
They serve food in a dining dining park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So you train the game. save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beethoven: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1987 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges -- a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LED came up with this.
He was called automated shortage crazy.
And in a few years, the LEDs of LED came to all the home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
LED made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic cheeks that were taken from each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much larger circuits and more complex, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing LT.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Latin is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by manners.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the salt, the blue is the stream, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire one.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can begin to make older circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an intellectual light.
We add this tissue to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
So let me stop this.
So beyond the simple game -- Litens are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and slow, Little Letadians allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Litens is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to the little brick to use.
Lunch, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given Little Little kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start understanding the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light light works, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Little Little Life to design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience is starting to play with LTS as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and face, we have Georgia.
(Music sounds)  So a few weeks ago, we took Little Little Latins to the designer of Rhode Island School design designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, an active candidate container container.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a labor made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Litens became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the rise of all.
So, LTEHOphins have open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company sought to engage us with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can get a little bit of cartoon.
We can get better we leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, I'm already afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be stored, and we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Court for America and would be like a Peace Peace Bodgers.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the communities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know Al Al.
It's a hydrogen from the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what really looks for is someone just just just clean it when I was caught by snow, because it knows that it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he get to help this simple way that simultaneously?
Last year in Boston we had a team of Come from Cookie for American."
They were there in February, and at that time I was a lot later last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these hydrogens.
But one of the members named Erik Michael noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application in which you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept cleaning it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can steal it.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads viral form.
A responsible response of the city of Hong to see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt station signals.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So he asked the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens go through the shortcuts taken off.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to be recorded to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that takes three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that they were done by the normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the judicial power of California that has been about two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that has been programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of engineering to the institution of government.
It suggests to the best ways of working, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions in open and general form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents how to address the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an annual institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so we work together with efficiency.
And it's not just Code for America but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row in the DMA -- record in the DMA -- and all of those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in Tim Orange," which we do together because we can't only can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. The government is.
And given that the government at the last end of us -- remember that from us, the people? The way to think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was going to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about everything, it is a matter of chest.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It is the place that you care about calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott had this call.
Incredible income in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the doors out of the house, put music right and see if you go on?
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the chest.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an application, web and mobile, called "The Citizens Congress.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very clever people in the Office of New Medical Medical Medical Medical Mechanical.
So one day, this happened really, this question -- "Prayer in my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to stop?
The dynamics of City Congestion is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In "The City Congressions it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, a neighbor saw it.
The next report said, "I got to the place, found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zip!" Yes. Living? Yes.
I went home. I went home.
Good evening, savage short."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to the distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technology technological definition.
I talk about a platform for people to be scared and help others.
So a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected with the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 B.C.
By the bottom is what we call bureaucratic.
And we say that word very much depressed.
But it's that depression that keeps that that is keeping us that that we finance as something that operates in our against that other thing, and we are actually losing power.
People think politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Opera movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the request of the School (Can Venice -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's a bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resided the government, it's time that we wonder what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think that we will get where we have to go to solve the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't learn from government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to reframe the function of government so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act communicated, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am, to regions, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about who you're going to talk about.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you deal with the government problem you don't care much about making their voices hear their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use your hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hydrogen, taking weeds through a garbage cube that has a limb inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those heroes and lots of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not just consumers -- we are not just government consumers that pay taxes and get services.
We're more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it's the important things that we have to do together, all together, are we going to be a crowd of voices, or are we going to be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact all over the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, I think identity is truly important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, which is a charity, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the dictionaries in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as he looked at the world.
She was hard, but it was also amazing.
When I was small and I looked at her, she came up to me and I gave me a good hug.
I was so hard that I could barely breathe, and then I got off.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he said, "Bring, you still feel my open?
And if I told him that no, I would grab me again, and if I said yes, I left myself in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at her and she smiles it, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, he took the room up, he took me out of my hand, and he said, "Go back Brazil. We are going to be a conversation."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Brown, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mahata.
She said, "Now let me don't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want."
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Britain."
I said, "Well, Mahathan.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Adrian," "She is my girl, and you have to promise you to always take care of it."
Like I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, that will do it."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is you will always do the right thing to do the right thing to be hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a picture of six beers -- I don't know where he took them, and I grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just got the crazy madness.
He took a beer sheep, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. That's okay. You know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come to you today, and you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a bleeding."
I was able to look at it with force and go, "Oh, not being you're still thinking about the conversation with Mam."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mamma tells all the grandchildren that are special."
I was destined.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely away.
But I have 52 years and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtual -- I say it for the power that you have identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't see any sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressing during the breakthrough.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit us.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners in 1972.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in traditional freedom.
And this massive incarceration -- in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much desert, so much despair.
One of three black black beings between the 18 and the 30 years is in prison or condition freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore -- of 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in jail or in parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better about whether you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but it's wealth that condesses the results.
And it seems that we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and force make us believe that these are not problems.
We are detected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you provide you from rights forever if you have a criminal condom.
Right now in Alabama, the 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of waste will be as elevated as it was before they were looking at the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel about 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this particular country for children, no possibility to go out before.
We are now in the process of some literature.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
So in some sense, you've taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for committed crimes?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill us.
This is interesting.
The U.S. death penalty is defined by error.
Out of every nine people executed -- it has been identified that it's extended and released from the death of death.
A rate of error, amazing. An innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to have no airplanes if in every nine that would leave you, you would be started.
But somehow we hit the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid to be linear.
He worried about being bombed.
The threat of terror was what defines their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks, you make speeches -- give people to stop saying that in our history we are dealing with the terror, after 11.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial substance and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures on death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's really worrying about listening to what you say.
Adrey, we have no death penalty in Germany.
We will naturally never get it here."
The room sat in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our history, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately -- we would put people to execute?
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to execute people, especially if they were in your majority of Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrelative.
And yet, there's this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, implicated.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are exhausted by suffering, abuse, degradation, marijuana.
In my opinion, it's necessary to integrate both.
We talked about the need to have more hope, more commitment, more dedication with basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the afternoon, those who will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in some ways, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so engaged with the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity. development comes not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant, destroyed, but also the dark and the hard.
Vanco Haw, the great leader girl, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit -- a will for being in desperation sites and being testing.
Well, that orientation for spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think, that even communities like TED, must be committed.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the big privilege -- being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carry called me, to tell me, "Bring, come the shoe Paradox. We're going to meet you to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to you?
I would say, "Be ma'am, I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Listen.
So I went and just heard them.
It was very virtual, very influence.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mr. Parks went to me and said, "Now Brazil, I give me this idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the lives of life, without any national freedom for children.
We're trying to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with mass infections."
I gave it all my best speech, and when I finished and he looked at me and he said, "You know, Mm membrane mammography.
And he said, "You will get exhausted, very advantage.
At that time, Ms. Carry leaned up, he put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very but very fantastic."
I think, actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie. It's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not a slice.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a base.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very smart, very straightforward, it's not going to judge us for our technology, by our design, not by our intellectual or rational ability.
At the end, the character of a society, not the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged but the way they treat the poor, the condoms, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
In occasion, I feel delighted. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make too much strength.
I'm tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of direction.
I'm going to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, which have been trained to be judged as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
The judge was there as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late was thinking about thinking about God, if the judge can become something that you are not supposed to be, must have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think of properly, but I started working on a motivation.
He had a 14 year-old customer, a small one, poor, black.
I started working on the engine, with a beat that said, "Touch for my 14 black customer to be treated as a private of 75 years, executive of a corporation."
In the motor I put it into the material in the resource, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was an algorithmic line about how in this country there is no ethical elite, but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that insector would be a dream, or actually the writing work?
For my horror, not only had I done it, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months ago, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and I felt really applied, overwhelmed.
I went into the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and proud.
I finally went down the car. I was walking on court.
I was going up the stairs when I met a senior black man, it was the consumption of the journalist.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "Who is you?
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is you the father? I said yes.
So I got stuck and admired me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was vitalization.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this side modest?
I said, "Be Mr. Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started getting there. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They came the police fiscal philosophers, the autonomous.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of these things because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the robot of the eye, I got to see the consensus that he went and came.
I was looking at the window and I was able to hear all that graph.
I kept walking around and over there.
Finally, this old black, with face of worry, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge took a recession.
During the rest of the show that was shown by the scare of the something that was shown because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant was blown on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I go to this audience room to tell this young girl who keeps his view on the goal with surface."
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
What our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be led to freedom, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that keep the view on the goal with surface.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see a powerful desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that is not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are various opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference this spring in which an effort is going to be able to raise the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't conclude in arrested.
Fifty percent of rapes are not at all.
Here's a chance of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are destined to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that's this?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increases in the prison population.
And we let us convince the cheek of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to clean chain, and to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making them return to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: British, you've been excited today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Local," they grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Lock 2: famine in Somalia, Love 3: The police fixed O.C.
Red 4: Paradoxeness feed -- Lock 5: Mary Current.
Red 7: Social Decade. Red seven, 65 dead.
Local 8: Tanket flight. Red 9: Citizens.
Several little banks: war to the congression. mass destruction. Three.
Recently. Bangladesh. Judge top. Egypt. Sirica.
crisis. death, disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamonds," these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to give us negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all of those data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala called.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Earth and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
That's why a dozen stories will prefer to look at the negative.
That old sign of the press, "If there's blood, sells, it's very true.
And given that all digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimistic.
No surprise that people think the world is going wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not.
Perhaps what happens is that we get distances.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, species extinction -- water scarcity and energy -- without doubt.
As human beings, we are very good at encouraging the problems and, in the long end of them we ended up with them.
We analyzed that in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, average income per capita per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transparency and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We are really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, religions, television, mobile air and cars.
The marketing magnetic galaxies of the past century, the world's models, they would never have dreamed of such luxury.
So supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that stops in the information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile cell that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and in peace, in recession and depression and rise.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's grown in a law on the left, it goes up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is getting faster and faster.
And in this curve, to Morgan Law crashes, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends from Autons call infinite computing -- sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, the fuel and the vaccines and the America.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jewell from Walters: IBM from IBM?
It was a piano.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this: "Whole was with human opposites."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
Play with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, which can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absolutely sound.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single room on the planet -- it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and turning it together.
You see, scale is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Nazaria III in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Siza.
The Topson troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napabah, with gold covered covers of gold.
But the king of Siza, I ate with aluminum covers of aluminum curves.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than gold and platform.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is alive.
You see, even though the aluminum is the 8.3 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal metal.
It's led by oxygen and silences.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as a disappear.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about the energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 tiger targets every 88 minutes.
It's not about scale, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the ground per side: eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents the hypothesis per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have abundance of energy we also have abundance of water.
We talk now about wars by water.
Do you remember when Carl Sampo pointed the Voyager Space spacecraft towards the Earth, in 1990, after I went to Saturn.
It took a famous picture. How did he call it?
"A street blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, the 96,000 is salt water, two percent is ice, and we fight for three percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nationalism.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the crossing -- I'd like to share with you, I gave me permission to do it. His technology called Shanghai -- maybe you know -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water per day of any source water, contaminated water, a letters, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in the late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted.
better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- video -- video HIV, images, book libraries and music technology, medical diagnostic technology -- now they're sliding and lost market value with the phones.
Maybe the best is when you get the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Collaborator Foundation, something called the X Columbia Program -- 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they speak, and because it has A.I. they can take blood blood from the finger.
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of the health workers.
When this device sequence a virus from RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- to call health care and first of all, prevent the pandemic to happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We've just gone through the seven billion markets.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never ever heard of global conversation.
What would these people?
What would you consume? What would you do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the biggest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they'll get more health thanks to the Trianghome, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can three billion give us a billion members of humanity, healthy and productive healthy health?
What about a few voices never ever heard before.
What if we give the optimism, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What are these three billion those 3?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by its passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Ford.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out the way protein will happen.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a subjective problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it has been shown that today's recognition machinery is better playing proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me enormous trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the crime.
We have the capitalism of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a lot of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the rise of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1875.
You might think that printed pigs, but it wasn't like this.
It actually captures fish.
And he described one of them as a very common common.
It was the member.
I caught it a lot to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the UCL.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're protesters.
The floors still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept," the detail of the waist.
Because I was there in 1978 studying a language in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be improvised.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lake was surrounded by palms, and, as you can see, from a few manners.
There were the thousand cells of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar.
And the fishery of this thylacine was very abundant and went through a good time, so more than half the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined in half.
They were made at five inches against.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the drug fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1960s, Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly was called the Museum 4.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in the South China Sea and especially in the Mark Sea.
What we captured was an inevitable thing.
We capture it, now I know, sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we capture were sports, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny manufacturers about a few remains -- remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then was read.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not sucked.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen pick up every time you go to an area where they have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of part, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generate this something like this.
In the axis, and we have good things -- biodiversity -- lots of whales, the king of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation to use the images you get to the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extracting forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the supply of change.
And at the end of keeping a little bit of miserable miserable.
And that, largely is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before we get extinct -- it's little fair.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sensor of large fish.
They become little fair because we fish.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of part.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of the people presented -- and so they were looking at a lot of fish in this area you can't use or usually don't use the scientists in the fish, because it's not scientific scientist."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in a societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can be a marine marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really get the past.
We get the past that people can't conceive because the point of part has been running and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that it provides -- which allows them to erase their point of part.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema that maybe you can fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bhat Bay size.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Charlie Bay 500 years ago.
And you may have noticed that materials and tons are like "Albert."
And if you think about "Albin," if you think about why people are moving with the movie -- if you talk about the history of the completely carefully, why are you going to hang out with pictures?
Because it takes something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I will give, is Cambodia, to take "A "Adam II underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alan, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why the videos are made viral and what important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrations, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a signal.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a small percentage is made viral -- it gets infinite vision and making cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and surprise community computers.
Well, let's start here.
Beard Samaritan," oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
John, guard."
KA: Last year, kissing Vermentor published this filmed video outside of his house at the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction of the popular summer.
Beard is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called YouTube Mountain Beard.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimbley.
Jimmy Kimbley published this tunnel that would capture the video to the popular.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimbley presents us new and interesting things and divided them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday Friday -- you have to start Friday --   Everybody wants me to get the weekend of week, the weekend.   Friday Friday, Friday.  KA: You won't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Friday Black Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "A driver are doubled, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks as well.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday part?
Well, I took it Two, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Missey Steven Theater, was one of the first people in making a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paradises of "The YouTube on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the middle of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- doing it or doing something new with that.
"King Cather is a repetitive animation with a recent music.
So that's it.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there is a three hours that have been seen four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were memories.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became internationally.
All of a sudden, a whole community of mixes that made this happen to be a silly joke to something we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Arthur Arabic and Reed Black or "King Cather?
What would you have been written to be written to contemplating this situation?
In a world in which two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can be rid of the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to do this great video of a guy who protest against the chickens in New York, I admit that I don't really interest too much.
Casey Neil: I was driven by not circulating by the bits, but often there are obstacles that print you right through the bite.
KA: Thank you to the surprise of the surprise and his humor, Casey Neil got five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Beard Vaster: What does this mean?
Ohlan.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators -- creativity creative communities, which are completely unexpected, are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines the popular.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bible, started on YouTube.
They didn't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little dream of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media -- just the current media -- but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still broken.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life had been supported in the single hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communities come in Saturday, looking at the fact that their life had totally been in value.
The words, for so much of the friends, now they throw it.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in value, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to shut up, but we sustain it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the age of delivering unfortunately into the sea.
My mother, Maha, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone to a task used to her, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
She was uncomfortable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that challenges the fiction, a boat was sliding into the disappear sea of fishing shot.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pirate and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a short shortcut.
If you were captured, we would first take it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are out of that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the subject diving in every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates who came several times, but they were fooled with the bravery of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't run for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died and he died the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, because of the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor as well.
After three months in a refugee camp, we devoted in Mellon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations giving a new life together.
We set up in French, a class suburb working whose population is composed of immigrants in the ground.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence I was learning, in French, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the anti-correct English fragments were trained among the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double tour.
Still, I found time to study English and get a title in IT technology.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were started, and I established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was generally fresh clothes, always a second hand.
Two pairs of school for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the balloons, because I had to spend six years.
And there were weird and painful singers on the rate of the rate of "adecrafe and some graphics, "Astracious: "Go back home."
At home, Where?
Something in me was started.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them out."
My mother, my sister and I slept on the same bed.
My mother was taken every night, but we sat on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered cheeses, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmare would start to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be a station and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and sleep kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and patterns.
And they were created center.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implicated with what I was doing about myself.
In the other, I was embedded in high lives, tragically passionate about violence, the abuse of drugs and insulation.
But many of them received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of game, I was elected the young Australian young year.
And I was captured from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So Les, residential resident from Former, was now so Lord, refugees and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols anymore.
I didn't know how to use the deck.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to take the routine to the routine and the comfort of life in an online suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about each of the day of each and standing asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when she got to the boat.
No ever been an option.
Man: He said, "You don't be what you don't know."
So I talked about juvenile description and education and determination to marginalized and destroyed them.
And the more frankly he talked about, the more it was sold to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved living in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my lighting, I realized I couldn't stay in a garage race.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly arrived, new one on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your provider.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world gets demographic, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that had not been allowed to have been all attached to them.
There was an energy there, an implanted optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for whom the slogan can't be done was a critical challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I was doing a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked all night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ideas were broken and we opened up.
I took the decision to move the U.S.
After one journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later, I had moved and the adventure kept going.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the confusion was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
By the age of 17, it became a consumer of a Mandela whose mother hit her.
No support of his husband, they caused a review to sue it and take the cause himself, and much more reversed when he won.
You can't do it to be wrong.
I was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Mellon.
I looked through the shower mammogram, and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in French and we sat around their attention.
We told stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monkey came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold."
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"They have not been selected."
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Since we were and how life shapes us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated.
The defeat would have agreed easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a little bit in your lives, surviving it in every single wave, the positive pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see them safe. I would do it.
Train Neillets, and also the mother of so much is here today, in the fourth or fifth line.
My story begins in Rabbit about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Stanford Anderson.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian Epidemiology Engineering."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, we would save the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I was Android, the great Indian warrior indicator, he had a short, he took a bow and with a floor to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with slides and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that was a lot of fun.
I actually felt a little bit more technologically.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy and appreciate an arrangement if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather tells me his clock silver blood.
And this tech piece of 50 was for my most magical thing.
It became a dead door to a world full of images, and the shoes and the nationalism in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile clocks, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They fail our inspiration.
And so I launch me, I dragged up this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since I was 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we in.
It will bring the text together with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes more and more multi-millions.
But what does that mean?
I'm about to launch Kharina, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "You put your fingers on every light."
And so   says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I got a character of the book.
In several times I get a poster -- the iPod knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that childhood magic -- to those ideas that we added from children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar was always exciting to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And really, they light your way into what the rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a girl was that a whole galaxy put in a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all the fantasy books there have always been maps but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, quarks and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also revealed it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the passengers.
We've all heard about the landscapes and the nine, but how many people outside India know their Indian passwords, the passes?
These poor passes have been trapped in the Indian cameras for millennia, in an old and wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their CEOs, haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of colleagues, of chairs, spines, gardens and concerts.
For some reason, children don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So this is a digital collection of photos that you can put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a robot and says, "Oh, today I saw a robot."
A child from India says, "I saw a monkey."
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking off.
Within the connection variations between the magic, the Earth and the technology is a lot of possibilities.
In the next book we are trying to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video turned up and through augmented reality sees a group of animated goods that appear on the interior plants in the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them out so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are being intertwined with technology and magic and technology about one to another.
Let's take the energy from the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the Robert University was to give a head of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects failed because we stopped listening.
This is my back Wift Back. It's a very simple thing.
It has a pink and appropriate period.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms away.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hello.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when you need cardiovascular assistance or any urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my dark Wikipedia and before I get up to my car, people start to tell me, "Look, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some religious activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week to be available.
This little batteries connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be able to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they recover control and to be capitalism of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of mechanical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did would want to share it with you with a video.
We all have control control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM cars are in Matthew.
Also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DEM to help this patient?
We ask, but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get DNA saving lives right now.
What we did was we did crop in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see an DES, please send it, you know, you tell where and when it's open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an application for the iPad.
We created an app for Latin, augmented reality.
And every time they are in the city of Martinel's city and somebody collapses, they can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use their cell phone to find the nearest DED, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just as DET C.D. which is the name of the product, but also as DER.
And we want to start at the world level.
We're putting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the cross-confront of the DNA around the world.
Every time you are in vacation and somebody collapsed it, it can be a piece or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DESt.
You could be service services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that is shown is still in their place.
Please help us on this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is this photography?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take with your cameras.
My interest by photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed up with my previous passion in the drawing but it was a little bit different because by using the camera to use the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the pulse.
For me photography had more than to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the purpose.
Pictures like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the reality of reality.
And when I say recognition I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors or the colors.
Does the light?
What does the illusion create is?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective.
But the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagine objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still looks three-dimensional -- as if there was existence.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we make the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photography.
It's really going to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic I think are those where we don't even think about things that surround us in our everyday life.
But when you combine pictures it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images meet with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect universe.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal I think it's easier to create a place than find it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a pick blue.
And yes, I even made the top of the top of the island so that it looks more Sweden.
So to achieve a realistic result I think it takes planning planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here each piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the outcome can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing you a slide on technology, very boring.
So please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microscopes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like a lot of others that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with seminary curves is something new.
There is something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we make technological curves on logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve that we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to graph, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you win, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a seminary curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation will advance as fast as the microscopes -- past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a reducing growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to talk about is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it's going to be a typical curve I know like this until it takes something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask myself, is: What's that new way that the world advises?
What new state is the world?
Transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember that as a child, the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been forged, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because everything is going to be so different that extracting what we're doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is time for life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around us.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals, we give you an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those droplet droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet forms.
But those drops weren't alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were diagnosed with an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they count.
So every little girl was a little different.
In fact, the droplet that somehow became better at the time of incorporating the chemicals -- they grew up more, they were incorporating more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented in it.
It was a form of life, chemistry, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we don't understand these droplets learned to store information.
They learned to get information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this unprecedented evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate for.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide people's security people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and improvising it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an elaborator I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid the penicillin and they were thrown to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to the community that they were together in a way, they were together on that, and they established a synchronic.
So they survived or failed together, meaning that if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community they would replicate more and they were favorable for evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicultural communities, communities of many different cells working together as one organism alone.
In fact, we are a multicultural community.
We have a lot of cells that no longer act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels that the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to register and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because before they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures enormously accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution might now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm here sitting here by emitting a little bit of gravity, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that saved certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we converted it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as humanity we have started to do abstract.
Now we move through similar periods to multicultural organisms, we abstract our recording methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The phone, the I.T. contract, the video tape, the CDC: etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You see the evolutionary example of Thom in which I produced some evolution with the Congress program in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language, they took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process removes it. I suppose, astrophysics is the right word to name something that affects its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process gets removed.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms I work to design would not be possible without recent hackers.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thorth Macakars, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that do something that you couldn't be able to do, it gets much further away and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it employed methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
So we say, "Please computer, can you run 100 million sequences of street?
Could you run these sequences of instruction to random, run all of those programs, and take those who are more about what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more likely to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task.
We take those and we eliminate the rest of it.
And now we play the ones that they best ordered the numbers.
And we're going to play them back to them following an analog process to sexual recording."
We take two programs, which are bringing children, which exchange supermarkets, and children are leading the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of the combination of the combination of programs that had a little more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
So glass again.
It introduced some mutations.
It tries again and representative with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few militarians.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in an absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they take the comment.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a billion of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
Once I was in a 747 with Murray Missing and he pulled a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight. Don't make you feel transparent?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make very different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than which produces normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so I can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's removed.
The thing goes faster and faster, and that's why I think it looks as confusing.
Because all these technologies are retreating it.
We're getting away.
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple.
We are the laughter and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we are all part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've lost enough time to allow me to close part of my fake pressure on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the World Serger.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go out to "Great the rules, talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a battery that kills 300 dollars.
That means that the baseball battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being carrying, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't get to time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how you call a 300 Ballow range.
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how you call a 400 baseball battery?
By the way, that is somebody that 10 hits is about four.
Legos -- like the Ted Williams legendary -- the last player of the Great May of Bionettechnology to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have applications and they're derived to a surgeon who has also a 400 in applications.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a remote place and a wanting to be loved with two correct coronary arteries and their family doctor would give you a cardiologist whose record in analysis is 200 of them.
But do you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their accidents have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask you."
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon of a nurse or a genetic obstacle?
1900, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the aspects of a good surgeon or a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and I get involved by the way to be perfect.
That they never, even they eat an error and a sense of figuring out how to do it well.
That was the message that I was in the medical school.
I was a computer student computer.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldom studied to a blood test.
And so on.
I studied in my little destruction, in the New York General Hospital Hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every art coming out of the car, the fascinating differential diagnosis and not healthy.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney tube advertising.
And as much as I gather more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I came from school school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because that's how I was going to join the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Drawing Dragon.
I was resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Drug lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cartoonist service.
And when you used to get out to a cardiologist I had to attend to that patient.
It will inform the chief of residents.
When I saw the Drawing Dragon, I was spending.
I heard a resolution sound.
And when I took it, I heard a subsidiean sound on both sides, which was telling me a concerned heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I went to work on the treatment I would give him.
He gave him aspiration and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him diagnostic, water pills so he could eliminate liquid limit.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I started the first mistake, sent her to his house.
I actually ate two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone or do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and get it to him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to deliver complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I might not want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that I ate was worse.
When I sent it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said, "Google, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I was asking the nurse to take care of the Dragon Dragon," "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then he said with total nature," "Yes, I think it's going to be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the top, and the ambulance together with the paradises took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad press on the stomach.
But I went on with my work.
At the end of the day, I escaped to leave the hospital and walk into the parking parking where I was my car to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service at home.
And there is another nurse, not the one that was taking care of the Drug lady before, but another one -- he told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists are also afraid of it, but there's a particular in emergency, and it is that we see the patient patients.
The three words are right?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she went back, with the same voice tone.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour of getting to his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 111, the paradises brought it into emergency with a 50-year-old blood pressure, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff has all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was confused and rocked up to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the transplant was in intensive therapy and waited against all hope that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days next it was evidence that I would never wake up.
I had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were meeting what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Drug dream, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was struck by it and I experienced the massive shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, said, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never eat that error.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad at within.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we are bad.
And that feeling.
And it wasn't by my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I would support things and make sure that they wouldn't get me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why did I not ask my boss, why did I send him to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so dumb stream?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little by little that feeling was discovering.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I had bought the efforts to be perfect for not to make more mistakes, I would have to take out those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back again.
Two years later, I was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got to a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat on the garage.
I was very busy and strengthened.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little bit colorful.
He had prescribed penicillin and sent him to his house.
But while he was headed to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my chain change, my boss asked me to speak with me trained with me in his office.
And it took the three words: Remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garage?
And he came back and didn't have a space fragmentations.
He had a potentially deadly deal called electronics.
You can Google it in Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but of the upper air, and it can cause the close of those tracks.
He fortunately, didn't fail.
They were administered by antibiotic and recorded over the few days.
And you went through the same period of shame and reproductions, then I grew up and I went back to work, until again over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same rule of urgency, they don't argue apartments.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because you look at 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a fire.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a radio X-ray but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was looking at the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right square, and he called the surgeon, called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He was ordered by ready and asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it up and by noticing a certain sensitivity in the bottom right-hand square, called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered well.
But every case, I was attracted to me, and I was delivered.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a piece.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues with you?
How do you teach them that they don't eat the same mistakes, right?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a translator in my hospital took the wrong leg -- believe it would have difficulty looking at your eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep, and the ones that have a little bit of results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will get a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of distinction and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical prison and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Story Toron-based to my program, "Whoa Carolina, Black Art: Black Art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where the mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or donor is not right -- in a system where international infections are getting more and more numerous and more numerous, providing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian cards are killed by avoid medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute of Medicine established 100,000 billion.
In both cases, it's about raw substances, because we're not looking at the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
So sleep deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a pain with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest on the chest, it comes out with crazy eyes and with anti-and antibody, and suddenly my story is standing away.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars, they don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional prosperity to mistake, well, not going to be anyone.
And with respect to that people don't want to talk about their more serious cases of it?
In my program, French art, black art, it's a custom to say, "This is my worst mistake." I would tell everybody, from the paradises to the heart surgery chief -- "This is my worst mistake, blah, blah, blah -- "What are your streams? And I will steer the microphone towards them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they were going to start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't eat the same mistake."
They need a context where I can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and they don't get away from your mistakes, but it gets effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving way and support so that they all benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every once in the time.
My name is Brian Goldha.
I'm a reduced doctor.
I'm a human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel so much, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day all?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to pick up an average American -- it's about 70 to a day.
Not too much, in a research they followed for a week to a group of presidents of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are broken by these executives and the time they were working in making decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, they accumulate 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent require an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your election.
Do you know how many people belong to the capital of nine minutes, and how many of an hour for an hour.
How does the way handle that decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the care -- choose to the lack of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload company?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was failing this very high level of level, at least at least at least at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Drugger.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and wine, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 percent workers -- and this was when we took water from the chart.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why did I never buy nothing?
This is the state of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those that were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "It works well this strategy of offering all these choices?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the members.
hair.
They had 3,000 different kinds of classes.
We installed a post to go, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there with six flavors -- or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop to test the memories?
More people were left when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six -- 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a waste rate.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy injury.
The ones that they stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought memorized.
If we do the calculations, people were six times more likely to buy members if they found six -- that if they were in 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy injured we probably get to us, at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in pretty momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe to you a study that I did with Abu Hadran, Embrace Kamasa and Web Jane in which we looked at the savings for about a million Americans, between about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested to see if the number of funding offers available into plant savings for retirement -- the 401 program developed people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation there.
We had 656 plans that went from two to 59 different options.
And we found that the bigger number of funds were offered -- there was less participation.
So if you look at the end, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you will.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate gave up to the percentage of 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the more people that were the number of options, the more people they were involved by avoiding the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in the financial accounts of markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, which is even when this goes against the interest of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance, and in health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they probably get better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of many massive, mustard and slime and memorized, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we've been teaching, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, short.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Cartoon.
You worry about losing space in the analytic.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get out of strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in sales -- you will be able to get a better experience in choice.
When Protector & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shurlomed to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cathed Corporation removed the products for cats of cats that are less sold -- they increased the use of 80 percent, for two causes: bigger sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarkets today, the average is about 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart you offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Alice and offers only 140 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce satellite.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the plant of David Ladama, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are an automated automatically to a life insurance fund.
People who really want to choose -- they offer them 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, tell me the differences that there are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate -- you can't do it their clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garwi.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience a vacation.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take a Gary offer.
(Moving apples." Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the open.
Isn't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually get more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second hand, but I can go forward and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choice overload -- which is Concertivity.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very fast, very concrete ways.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when you use effective use?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shallock Bennif and Alien President, on English people who worked in INCLA, these people were in a meeting where they were being analyzed to a 404 plan.
To that meeting, that we did exactly how we used it, we made a small condition.
What we added was that we applied to the staff who would think about positive things that will happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute there was an increase in 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings of savings from four percent.
The third technique is Clark.
We can manage more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the West Septembers along the Norden corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different kinds to 600.
But you know?
Because classic tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exposure.
One is called "Japanese and the other, Sweden."
If you think that the one on the left is Sweden, and the one on the right is Japan, they give a palm.
(Man apples." Well, there are few.
If you think that the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Sweden, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Sweden. But you know what?
This classic scheme is completely useless.
The categories must indicate something that I choose to, not the one that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge fund lists.
I guess who are information?
My fourth category, Condom communication.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the buy of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows you to do it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options.
colors, color outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order where decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, at a few cars, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from little options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look like?
How involved you are.
If you take the button all the way down in every decision -- this indicates that they're overwhelmed -- or whether you're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from a lot of choices to the few of them, they choose the board by defense over and over again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was they would alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to pick up.
Although the chair of change is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the copyright company, correct, extract alternatives -- concern, make it real. We can manage more categories with less choices, and build complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives -- or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an choice is being careful when you choose it.
And the more careful we are in our better choices we can be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Middle East Germany, if you had a writing machine that should register to the government.
It had to register a text leaf of example written with the machine.
And this is why the government could trace the origin of text.
If they found a writer with the wrong message they could track the footprint until the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, how much this will limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own one and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of fun for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can add the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the celebrities.
like Mr. Dimitri Volcan from the city of Kiribati, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to make a lot of money, including numbers.
There are really many cases in line, multiplexia, who made money with their attacks.
This is Volinian Tasky, from Tatoma, Stanford.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Wat.
This is Berkeley Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson: Taboca Alaska etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortune. But they do it by illegal media through banking transparents to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret U.S. service, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jane, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jane was soldiers. He knows his stop.
And I say today it's more likely than any of us is victim of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have collapsed in the last 12 months by taking a paper in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, the dangers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are national states the governments they attack.
And then we see cases like Digital DNA.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Digital is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
It would declare the last fall.
They were surrounded by the security of the site and they lost a cybercriminal.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with the headlines of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were looking at the death of people because of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die by an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell celebrity.
So what are the certificate computers?
Well, you need if you have a website with hotel, service services like GMT.
Except that they intercept a foreign certain authority.
And they eat appropriate credits.
And in the case of Digital happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the headquarters from the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the break of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this charge called "Evergonizing" categorized.
And within that charge there were notes of a company with headquarters in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to be sold to be a large scale of the citizens of the country's citizens.
They had sold this tool for 280 thousand euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide the tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, the Soviet Show was found by the U.S. government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspected in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They would use even tools like the Soviet Triang to infect our computer with a Trivial to allow them to see all of the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play privacy.
privacy.
It's not a question of security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we refer to today, will be forever.
Are we going to focus on any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park Park is not near the majority of the south, which means that wild animals like cells migrate outside the park.
And predators, like lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead -- I felt very bad because it was the only piece we had.
My community, the masses -- we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to harvest them, and so we value them.
So I grew up talking a lot to lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they also are mad with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi, basically.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, at six to nine years old, is responsible from his father's livestock and this was the same thing as I happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give them fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve because I even helped lions see the scale of far.
I didn't really laugh. I continued.
A second idea was to use a shoes.
I tried to bring the lions to believe that I was near the stage.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the spills, and they went out, but the second day, they went back and said, "This thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night was walking around the stage with an arrangement, and that day, the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves up.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would learn and grab the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
Add everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supplies the electricity to the little Indian box -- I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes light fish.
As you can see, the bombs are going outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights challenge and bring the lions to think I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and lions and asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used right now all over Kenya, to use other predators like histories, leaders, and also being used to spread elephants from farms.
Because of this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a child in the shoes of the savanna holding my father's cows from my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he told me that someday would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to come to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when you grow.
I used to hate the lions. But now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
And I hear it. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention -- I want to make a close class -- CA: A close electric?
RS: I know that the close electric clients, but I want to do mine.
CA: So I tried it once, right? And you -- RS: I've tried it before, but because I got a candle --  CA: At the foot, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to be encouraged in every single step that you, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I Don't envy anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim United State, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except America -- Japan is the enemy.
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought a letter from my sister's colleague from my sister.
That he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We're restricted together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we are prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't delete from my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child hiding in his arms looking at his mother's face without able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine ship North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million North Koreans died during the famine and just a few survived passenger, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more often the energy cuts, all of my all around the night was completely in the night of the sea in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which is a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very search at certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross secret.
But many of them die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that for the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant parts.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like Roder refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replaced to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and they were interested in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being Norway, then they tested my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interpretation, an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not Norway."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans in China look at starvation in foreign embassy.
But many of them can be arrested by the Chinese police and speeds.
These women were very lucky.
Though they've captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These North Koreans were so lucky.
Every year, countless North Koreans are captured in China and separated North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Though I was lucky to escape -- many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can dive in a second.
That's why after 10 years to hide my identity, I decided to take care of the South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all Koreans, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even you go through an identity crisis.
Am I a surgeon or Archimedest."
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call me with pride myself.
Though I would adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan -- I started studying for the rise of income to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities played some money that sent my family, and as a punishment and my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location left on the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the road towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I went into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to bring them up, somehow for over three thousand miles through China and then through the South Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and we almost got caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of all of us, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came to my family, I was embarrassed by my family, and I told him that they were deaf people who were accomplishing.
I looked at me suspicious but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the Lakes border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Lagos.
But even after I went through the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the frontier.
After paying bad and bridges, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Lakota capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in a short distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or bus.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man wondering, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM carbon and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for the other two North Koreans and bringing them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?
"I am not helping you."
I'm helping the North Korean."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbol symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North Korean when we needed it.
And I showed me that the kindness of the unknown, and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North Koreans need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half of the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they turn a new country, they start with little or not any money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans in the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South America.
This is central Center: Liberal stores, fast food, bad terrain.
So the city planners came together and thought, let's change the name of the South Central so that it represents something else, so they changed the Australia South Angeles, as if this is really wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South Angeles.  stores of literature, fast food, bad terrain.
Just like 65,000 other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Central Centers, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the places of food to kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of heart diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than, say, Democrat Hillis who's about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if you didn't have healthy food, and if every time you come out of the house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood.
I see wheelchair chairs and sold as used cars.
I see centers of police dialogue like Stars.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also tired of driving 45 minutes of anger and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides in it.
What I did, was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what it comes to me in gay, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Greg Groups, we get together and start planting our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are sort of a paid group paid by advanced by all the products of all the products, all over the city and completely voluntary and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
And then somebody gets complaining.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a child saying that I had to remove my garden, the city was made of sort of a single order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that nobody matters?  So I was like, "Well, thinking about it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Life, and I talked to the concept and one of the members of Green Groups, who put a petition in Chinese with 900 primates, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concrete was even called to say that they went back and heard what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more balloon terrain.
It's 68 miles of balloon terrain.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 720 million tomato plants.
Why don't you look good at this?
Growing a plant will give about a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar of habits will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my hydrogen, when I tell people, cultivate your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there. I grew my children there.
I remember being part of this manufactured reality that was manufactured to me for others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist who blows walls -- I get southern, gardening grounds.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my expansion of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the land can do -- if you let your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You'd be surprised to see how they affect kids.
Barbaric is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a set.
Also, they get cold.
I remember an occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, they were like 10, the 1960s, and they were in my garden, I went out and looked very like.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame. I was watching people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Find, don't fear that people are going to steal your food?
And what I say, "Oh God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That's what it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to challenge your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. They shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We have had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all of them in volume.
If kids grow up, the kids will eat colon.
If you grow tomatoes -- you will eat taxis.  But if none of this is taught -- if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what they are in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in. I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who come out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carroa.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plan, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole hierarchy of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of the street, taking kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening up farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become relevant engineering, shortcuting, given gardens.
We have to change the script of what's a given guy.
If you're not a card, you're not a given.
So the shops take their pain right?
That is your choice guns.
In sum if you want to meet me, well, if you want to look at me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Trained members?  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of satellite, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it does a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that she said.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make broken asphalt.
Portual space, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pigeons and water can pass through it, so all of the rain water flow up to the sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't be able to overcome water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very head, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has distances, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it to leave? You see that in this road the surface stones come out.
First of all, a little bit more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But they can give you your paradise, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create backs with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Battles, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage looks like in this material.
It's a broken speed, as I said, so it just has a small amount of friendly between the stones.
Because of the interface, to the ultraviolet light, the observation, this box, this baby, the glue between the ridiculous, it will be put together, and if you embrace, they'll be made microbes and separated from the advantages.
So if you drive through the road, you will pull them up, as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of copyright materials.
If we can make this material respect, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool -- that to clean same, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the baby.
So we have space with small pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an investment machine.
Industrial can heat up, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel down, melt the baby, the baby flow through these microbes and the stones are going to look at the surface.
Today I used a micro-control oven, because I can't bring the big information machine here to the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show that I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they donated a piece of road, 400 meters from the AIDS highway, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in road, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road, and we test them in the lab.
We made a lot of the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we would repair them then with our information machine and we would repair them and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, including these fibers using the energy of information to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before you can show you how it acts the repair to it.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the boy in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radius.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depressed.
"The Taliban went out of my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
It's a real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were passed from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister who could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could both educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were going to buy.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we were arriving our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in when school was suddenly closed by a week, because the Taliban supported.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were allowed, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a train.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total amazing anchor from a remote profit from Afghanistan insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father took it.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to turn our home into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a higher risk not to educate his children.
Over the years, I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to reconstruct, but my father said, "My father, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age women have more than the high school, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself here proud to graduate in Microsoft College.
When I returned to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was taken from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate them.
He doesn't only get stuck from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who brought it down by the streets of Kabba.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global embarrassing of 111, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why color colors, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, advocate for them, to weigh and still in front of a developing opposition.
Like Amazon. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahma is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went out from SLA to his village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb in the road, for minutes.
When you got to his house, they are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try it again.
Look at me, if you want to say, but I won't give the future of my daughter for his old and self-assembled ideas.
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter, and it sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are all about hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't go too much, after the United States tradition.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that encourage them, I see a future primitive and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day SMS girls remember it.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never, have never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exhibition, "Hey, respect to Gaine. He struggled against him.
But you never become a painting rate Gates."
About two years since it was that the liberal revolution was inspired by the waves of mass mobility as much of the Tunisian revolution as the egg.
A forces with a lot of other books, inside and outside the country to call a day of waste and start a revolution against the thermostatic regime of Gates.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the value, demanding the fall of the regime, providing freezing parallels, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage to explore the brutal dictator of Gates.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat to the shark.
But Gaine left a heavy charge, a legacy of land, corruption and selfish seeds.
For four decades, the graduate regime of Gatesland destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the liberal society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted a lot of other women, rebuild the liberal civil society, demand an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
About 200 organizations were established in Bangladesh during the same and immediately after the fall of Gatesland, about 300 in Trian.
After a 30-year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about developing capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the National Women platform for the Peace of Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and for our right of participation in the construction of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the president period -- an environment that was getting more and more polarized -- which is modernized from selfish policy and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 1750, from National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit, the electricity of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing. Every day we found violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the old mosques and the Sufi tubes.
Another day I met the news of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the office murder of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuing violation of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, gets more politically, and has come from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusive and the shame became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our history of the success of "literal "listening and elections.
Rather, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we chose wrong, we take the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Liberia.
The crime list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion -- both by men like women?
Maybe what it was missing was not only women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusive.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the choices, which only reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than needing the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and call it a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which not just honor but also put the mystery in practice instead of revenge. Collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of the exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that deals with the interrelationship and the alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political way.
According to the Koran San Sandan version. It's the word of the Middle Middle, "Google, compassionate."
At the same time, the word "Road," which is known in all the abuse traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "radio are born, and the female and the material, which goes into all the humanity that men and women, from which all the tribes and all the peoples have ever had.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo -- that grows inside the divine matrix of non-lived the whole existence.
This is what we're like, "My mercy.
This is what we're like, "My mercy.
That everybody was given the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a remarkable question, which has an equally unconscious answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that they all do always, why is she left?
Why would someone stay with a man who pays him to you?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I was just at Harvard University.
I moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and an editor in Search magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green terrorist American Express, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, he would hold me into the head with a gun.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threaten to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "local local love, a psychological trap -- was diagnosed with love, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a light in English at Harvard University and I have a MBA in marketing of the Hadran Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the companies of "French 500," among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bordella and The Washington Post, Port.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and I drive a Hong Open Minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religion, all the levels of clothing and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the manufacturers are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and unexpected and long duration or said otherwise in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why domestic abuse turns out so deforest.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be with a man who pays him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to fly with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he also had just taken away from a University of Viencast Lego and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a boy in the field.
I had some big molecules like apples, and a helicopter black hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things he did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it above all at the beginning putting on a pediatric.
We started coming out and loved all of me, who was ready, who had gone to Harvard, who would put passion to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I was created in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And that's why the law in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much relevance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to dry and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York City and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work and Congo and I were together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love local local that was entering a head in a physical trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And this is where you go into the scene those pills.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where Congo was supposed to feel so safe was bought three clues.
One was in the car.
Another one was killed under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pills because of the trauma that lived from small trick.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those promises actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the carbon.
Five days later, when the 10 members of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother from my mother and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me so much.
And I was very, very residentially.
It just had been very applied to the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident and never would make me harm.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I drank several times against the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was allowed by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold Market.
He continued to get a couple of times a week for the next two years a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought I was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is victims of domestic violence at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center that every year 15 million children are taken off, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I go back to my question: Why did I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply tied man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face her democracies.
The other question that everybody asks is: Why don't it simply go down?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: is incredibly dangerous to abandon a manufacturer.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in the cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has end up with the relationship, after the market, because then the abuse no longer has nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent air, even after the abuse has become married, financial resources, and manipulation of family judicial system to land the victim and their children, who normally are forced by the judges to spend time not supporting their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of a last day I was able to get my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody to the world: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stress victims as small headlines, astronomical women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why does it go?
For some people that are a way to say, "The fault is his to stay: as if the victims are going to be able to keep in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Lock love," I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scaled, who learned an unlikely lesson of what happened to them and that redefined their lives and joy and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survivor of very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a young and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black lab and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have ever more, it's a straight gun pointing up to my head in someone who says I want.
At this point, they are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating: or "Hello, what stupid it was, but all this time, I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones who are listening to me right now, which are being stuck or that they were in small or who are abused themselves.
The material could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love to make the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Keep the material to the light talking about it with their children, their jobs of work, their friends and family.
They rethink your vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene to slow up their scales and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our beds together, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful offshore that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Cameron Russell and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years now.
And I feel that right now there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have dressed me like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky enough to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up, they don't have to leave it now, but I would find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These colors are very uncomfortable. less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to happen by the head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that he would fix the back and take the child out of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial broke like the one I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though the surface and immune, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a cartoonists discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we also have it associated with a high and foundation figure, the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heroes, the heritage I have known to take money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who is now shown school, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that you say, wait. There are Namibia, Thirty, Joan Smiles, Long Win.
First of all, happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every single model in the past, and from the 670 controlled models, only 27 percent, that was less than four percent, not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it is greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that anymore.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a carbon surgeon and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insect, no, no, Cambridge, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my boss ...
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the CEO of American Voice magazine or the CEO of HIV, or the next Steven Messeyn.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, you can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a couple of jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you said you wanted to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, "I mean, clothing model for 10 years, people will look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are reflected.
And yes, you basically get down all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biomass, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
And so I put my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pile party a few days before the photos for French Voice.
So here I am with my football team and in Virgin magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creating a group of professionals, slides, machines, photographers and stability, and all their help and people in the present and position, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too much cans of 20 inches and I never use it, except the previous couple -- but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a peripheral driver -- he took a red in red and of course, and of course, they stood up, and it was a sense of it, and he was agents to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140 teenagers that you were given and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 black young black people in New York, so for them, is not a question of me?
And how many times would you stop me? And what?
By researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of 13 percent of 13 years in the United States they don't like their body, and that figure goes up to 78 percent to 17 percent.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the biggest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier.
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the brightest hair and the mountain more than the fashion -- but they probably are the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable about recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the biggest enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more cherished pictures, and I wasn't me who I took them.
There were no artistic directors, no stability, no opportunity to repeat the pictures, not even a minimum care in the lighting level.
In fact, most of them took them into random tourists.
My story begins when I find in New York City to give a pollute, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of the 57 and the five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York City in a danger trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us to the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and fortunately, no one has ever heard the camera.
So we were not aware of how much this journey would change us.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representative from a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter comes up with a new milestone -- and I can see life through his eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking on, when suddenly he stood in dry and pointed a red red from the wrist store that I heard from small on previous visits before.
And I described what had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I started that he remembered his heart beating with strength by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And all of a sudden I understood that one of the most important things we created are memory.
So I want to share the idea of participating in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't doubt to meet somebody and ask him, "Did you take a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bureaucrats are in the most threatened birds.
First, why do they have so bad present?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter personalized as mental characters, stunts, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the red Kenyan press, applying and activity, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment.  The parliament don't help prevent the spread of disease.
It's hardly monitoring.   They are far away from extinct.  And my favorite, the bureaucrats have better presence --   There are two types of business on this planet.
There are the New World bureaucrats that are mostly found in the Americas, like the code and the corners and the Burtary World bureaucrats -- where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 faced a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bureaucrats important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural garbage religions.
They wipe the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the star that no longer will be extended and caused large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no business, the carcasses take three to four times longer to break down, and this has huge branching resources in the spread of disease.
The bureaucrats also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Newton was the symbol of the protection and the materiality and, along with the copper synthesized, the unit between the height and the Boston United.
In the Hindu mythology -- Japan was the fresh god and risked his life to save the god of the 10 heads of Marine Haira.
In the Tibetan culture, you get a lot of important open edges in places like the Titan, there is no place to bury the dead, or the wood to create them, so these bureaucrats provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the bureaucratic?
We have eight species of bureaucratic in Kenya, of which six are in extreme threatened tastes of extinction.
The reason is that they're being understood, and the reason that they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the passionate communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the bureaucrats are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bureaucratic are on the critical list of endangered danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they fall prey from the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Diamond.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there are no bureaucratic plays, there's been a spread in the number of dead dogs in prison searches, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge time bomb for radio. The number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 serves are going to be above Lake Turkish.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're bird translators.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead bureaucrats to serve the fruit and the forest market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transformation.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a problem literally isn't going to serve anything.
We need to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about appreciation to bureaucratic, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active -- you can make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very incredibly incredible creatures. Give your time to spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you're going to be informed on the bureaucratic, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bureaucratic.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion, because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally, my life has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1991 to 1977. I turn young up, but I'm not --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Costa of Mark, Argentina and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGOs and every project we set up in Africa.
And I was presented.
I thought, at 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, all we have to do is we announced it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Wars of Zambia: was a project where the Italians decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zamana to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zamana River, and we teach local tools to grow Italian tomatoes and calabies, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help.  We were amazed that the local locals, in so high Valley, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they don't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we're here."  Just time to save the people from Zamana from the showers."
And of course, everything in Africa was growing beautifully.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato grew up to this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the chemicals: "Look what easy the agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, marriages and red, the night in the morning, about 200 hypothesis appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the changes, "My God, we happen.
And the transformations said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here --  "Why didn't you tell it? You never asked.
I thought only the Italians we ate errors in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste --  You should see the waste that we took to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Head Death of Damascoma, change change.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors -- we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
Just read their book.
Call it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, collective miracles, and we treat people only in two ways, or passions, or we're paradising.
The two words come from the Latin Park "Park, which means "pay."
However, they mean two different things.
Paradising to any of the different cultures like my children. "I love you."
Participants, I treat all of those of a different culture like my services.
So the white people in Africa are called "Ballow, boss.
That book gave me a post on the face. The little thing is beautiful -- written by Schutan, who said by all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- let alone alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is breathing.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't non-sense."
I decided at the age of 27 to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never started anything, you would ever motivate anyone, but it becomes a sense of local passion, the serious of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's shut out.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of the local.
We don't work from the offices.
We got together in a coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we heard them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Empowered entrepreneurs are never assigned, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business physician in the business -- who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Hoping, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this confusion garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to see to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I fell up and I heard them heard?  So the government says, "Google again.  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business assistants in history, passed at 96,000 years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says, "Please is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Christian without knowing what the smartest people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people back to conversation with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will actually go in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What are you going to show you with more this morning.
Looking at passionate local people. That's what you have applied.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossil fuels, manufacturing, and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we education, we train seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution? The universities, the university?
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There is an adult story that is in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860s.
And in the year 1860s, this group of people, and they speculate what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was announced," the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring back to the population of New York at the parts, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were already incompressed in star.  So in 1860, they were driving this dirty technology that would build the life of New York.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States in the United States in the United States.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few stars, scales, factories in crowded places.
Densure, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you confidence.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
And then you have to offer you a absolute, dedicated service service.
And eventually, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to employer.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell with a fantastic commercial, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and search for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't yet been born.
We've invested and looked at the 100 countries in the Carnegie world, West, Edison Edistance, all new companies, Google, Jack.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common, only one: none of it was started by one person.
It's never the word "I am, but the word "we" -- 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilitations, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in capital, in bars alongside their drug drugs who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this employer, someone who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would I want you to look for somebody else?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like supermarkets, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much would my neighbors pay for their applications?
How can we press and ask more things without calling the door in a bad time?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape?
How do we share our hopes before empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the good giants that give you shadows, drunk and sands from centuries and sorts of centuries in a city.
It always gives the music --  -- there's a shot in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the vast number of U.S. abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Johnny, like a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for living time.
He gave me clarity to the meaningful things of my life today.
But I try to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let the day go and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends I transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant shoe and painted about her phrases to complete "First, before you die I want.
So the treatments could take a chalk. reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect about this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept going up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be just just pulled by pinkalesm."  Before I die I want to sit on the line of developer change."
"Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
"Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
"Before I die I want to hug it once again."
"Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh at carding, they shattered me, and they gave me a lot of hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and spark ways -- it's about giving the reflection and contemporary, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic middle colleagues, we made a kit, and now they have been done in countries around the world, like Kakesken, South Africa, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express us and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age, it was more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hope, fear and stories, people who surrounds us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brother.
And it's 22 years old, it's high and very wonderful.
It doesn't talk, but it is a better joy than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
It makes it incompeted compared to what happens.
It's not advance. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this: it's never lied.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to make words of the words that I didn't even tell you, I remember one thing: how much we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samma is 16 years old. It's high. It's very fantastic.
It has the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when every single songs of my iPod came out of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was going to be picking up in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gagar.
Don't it seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of the society, they're often ignored and invented.
But what I pushed to my heart and my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "Audience: it's a brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual it is manipulated differently, from there that Rement is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developmental disorders that faster in the world, there is no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I grew a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and actually didn't look very interested in me at all.
I was living and he was sent in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smaller things, like putting the cars on row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that there was between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the birthday, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity -- there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without prejudice -- a human being that had never lied.
Am extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
Normal is going through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Rement and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a door. Every one of us has a gift in your interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for grandmother, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what should have been to be Alice in the Mained country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  It was true of truth -- I was scared of these students with his big minds, their big books and their big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the control hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised by ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, between others, and if we don't understand this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these great conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer them, and then what?
Let's tell why science is relevant to us.
They don't simply tell us that they study the records, but they study the realms, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the operations.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
The jargon.
Sure, you can say space and temporary," but why not say space and time," which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as making them.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways to fit and engage with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget from the signals of ball."
You have wondered why they're called balloons?  What do you do the balloons? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's supported too much in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of General Brown example is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the records is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Tord.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, legal, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then providing graphics that hits our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding of what is described to it.
I think these are just some key things that can help us open the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all means, take it simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words all over the Dictionary Ocean dictionary is "sleep."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "sensor "political means "standard policy?
Although there was a periodic editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A synthetic is the one who looks for a public charge no matter participation, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it by the use of a monopoly reflective return."
I have no idea what it means "response."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, 1775 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the name of Brazil Cross, who faced the Parliament.
They took him on the London Tower and they were incarcerated -- but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use record of the phrase "That's "banking and the metal."
Most of you think it's literal to do.
It's not. It's because of a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America right after independence of independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that could have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it "Development of Side Washington: and others, "A Atlantic George Washington: and other "Designers of the U.S. People World PowerPoint."
Not very appropriate.
Some just wanted to call it Rene."
They thought it was quality tested.
And even with that were monopolism, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody gets tired of it, because this debate is protected for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor Senator and I always wrote, "Not with this topic.
What they caused the retail and the time was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The Republican House didn't want Washington to be able to be able to be power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he was given to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modest title -- more inevitable and more unfortunate than they were happening.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title anymore, but it just meant somebody who presents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more grandmothery than the term "actual or "subjective."
There were an evolutionary presidents of small colonial stories and government, but it was really a universal title.
And so the Senate is heard.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet the foreign digital digital."
"And who will take a serious degree with a very ridiculous and inspirational title as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't know.
We can learn three interesting things of all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been refright the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- we may keep waiting for 220 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you with, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to design, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial aerial vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have given the title of gravity.
So at the end it won the Senate in the end.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singular then.
But you know how many nations are there?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn with, and I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality of the world is much more than what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to subway in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rocket body rock in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak but above all, that cocktail of male and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a cheap light of ink light subject to your head with this orange elite and barely I can distinguish the branches of branches that support the walls of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of feet on the ground.
I was reflecting my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless feet in that bit.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep from that hole risking their lives without paying or reward, and often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the County of Vancer Parad.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an integrated in France the Saturday: an NGO that was dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not such a degree.
When we ended up talking about talking to me very bad. I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a new stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the French director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of my second home.
But this time, I would slow up dirty shoes.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people slavery in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during the entire treatment of transition slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 today.
However, today, you can be solved to entire families for generations by the early debt of 18 dollars.
And amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work, and then to discover that they are forced to work without pay, under violence and can't escape.
The slavery operates in the commercial," the goods produced by slaves are value, but those who produce them are disasters.
The slavery exists in most of the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick hormones.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Internet Index.
Imaging in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, engineers that are wrapped in a short short poster of dust, mechanically passed up in their heads, to 18 at a time, and they take them from the armed hormones to trucks that are at hundreds of feet.
Despite the monopoly and the cancer work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no parasites to eat, not to drink, and severe destination made it pee out pretty intrinsically.
So penetration was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the hormones I wanted to cry, but the adoption I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already there.
I had to rely on Freeman and work inside the system for his release and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles on mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the children who charge them and children are holding them to their heads with hot careers made of sticks, ropes and shoes.
It's hard to introduce something that is so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so inspired, but so unusual?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been like that all their life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villagers were picked up their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
When I heard the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global awareness of the world I was advised to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina I was commissioned with women who had been previously sexual slaves.
They led me by some angular stairs that gave this dirty basement of faint fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a blue.
It was rather a restaurant.
Researcher, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms where women are slaves with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer from sexual abuse by their clients.
From foot in the fine, I remember having felt a strong acute fear and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be to stay trapped in that hell.
I only had one of the streets," the scales where I came in.
There were no random doors.
There were no window enough to be trial.
Those people don't have a spirit, and because we play a subject so hard, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic -- happens around us.
There are hundreds of people collapsed in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Textures are another activity that we often relate to a slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families slavery in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The hand tissues of black are from the father, the blue and red, of their children.
They mix ink in these big barrels and they dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, I can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our work really pays us.
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children -- it makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their translated families, disappeared and forced to work extracting waves in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat was coming up with it was tenderness, it turns out that his little canoe was embarrassed.
I was paralyzed by fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees that are living in the lake of Vongle often catch networks and children, false and fear, are thrown into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are showed.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
As a fear of his love is not going to flee and like the entire life has been treated with creature, gradually deals with the younger slaves under his command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they were lifted the last networks, but they had been working from one another.
On the cold and version.
And I can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kock.
Kock was rescued in a village of fishermen.
I met it in a shelter where I Free the Saturnan religion to the victims of slavery.
Kosovo symbolizes the possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving by a road in Ghana with socks of Francesh the Saturday: an adoption companion with his power and supply and supported our car and he took the window.
He asked us to follow it on a path of land to the forest.
At the end of the road, we were invited to come out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
And then I pointed out this little week and he said, "This is the road, this is the way. Come on.
As we started to go down, we took the entrepreneurs that blocked the path and after walking about an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photos of photos on my head as we stopped in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the standard path ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and all of these were filled with slide workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking into wavelengths of market.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a little bit of Ghana.
When they came out of the wells they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irressing, because many of them had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people are carrying painted balls of stone that will then be transported to another area where they will manipulate the stone so you can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and virtuous men but if we look closer at it, we see a lot less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up as this victim of tuberculosis and conversation for mercury in a few years.
This is Manuary. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manhattan inherited the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so great that doctors said it should be added.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and yet, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream about being liberated and educated with local activists of local activists like Freeman the Saturday, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility -- which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted them to know that we're going to give you a testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not in magazines -- they're people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There is no day that happened that I don't think about these many beautiful people, satisfied, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force goes up a fire, and that fire fires light on slavery because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a math mathematical problem, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management consumption.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try and explain what I do.
dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtues of the whale and the cloud dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial approval that can have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Strip who, at his time, was a virtuous dancer dance.
In the last few years, it has been a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are 6.6 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable density, testing, wealth and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a target way, and in definition, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and a close metric material.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, they never do it. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic, what if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, cost about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional to try to try, you see, in some sense at least we are all virtuous like my friend Jane Strip.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows somebody in healthy as you eat sounds when you speak, we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and all of us have the necessary genes -- Fox, for example.
And like the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about how long it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as Parkinson's affects extracellus, it also affects the vocal organs.
In the edge of the bottom you can see an example of the ironic test of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
The temperature and weakness and right.
The speech becomes more quiet and speaked after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do these test tests compare on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invention.
The neurological test is not invention. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They are both accurate. Okay, but also the examples based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be administrative.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're close cost and we all know what happens.
When something comes up with a cost so low, it appears at a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could do low mass recruiting cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, shortcut families on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Participant Victorian Institute.
Together to Account and Patricks, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mama, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who is not?
What are you going to take from these shows?
Max Little Little Siza: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MS: You see, some people may not pass it. They may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limit the confusion factors in search of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MT: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Thordhalders, I have to publish it, have done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, what the project says -- now we have 90 percent accuracy now.
TR: Nobel and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MT: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, audience.
MT: Thank you.
Before March 2011, I was making pictures in New York City.
We're cool creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in without windows and usually we avoid solar light.
We make the thin thin models even more thin -- the perfect skin skin we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly after that, an organization where it was voluntary -- Hello Volcanos, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Opera.
It's a small pile of fishermen located in the presentation of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water level recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastating.
We take storms from channels and shoes.
We clean up schools, we remove the sludge and we leave the houses ready to be innovative, respected.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, appropriate, product from local factory.
We got distracted and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and limits of photos and cameras and Sweden cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
Just pick them up and take them into different places of the peoples around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffering.
As they fled the wave, and to save their lives, they had to leave absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village assessment center.
He helped clean the common toilets in the world, giant barriers.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the driver center picks the photos.
There they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was to train myself my horizons that something happened.
By looking at the pictures, I found some that were over a hundred years old -- some were still on the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a refugee how to fix that trait and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came in Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too spread, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had to be fixed with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it itself, and that would be as tragic as having the spread piece.
Over the end of the time, they came for a lot more pictures and they needed more representations, so I went into Facebook and Linner and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Reduction, a neighboring village north of Jamaica.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed -- where people were going to reclaim their pictures.
The time that they had to put them into is a different story, it depends of course the phenomenon of photos.
I could imagine an hour. I could imagine weeks.
I could imagine months.
This mile had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in the salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of it together with the time of time to destroy them, so clean by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been replicated by his owner.
We were lucky with cleaning by hand.
We have a weapons of an amazing neighbors.
It's very easy to give you even more the pictures already damaged.
As Window, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had begun to wipe them out himself, but she stopped to realize that he was even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to reconstruct it, we could flap the images in one picture and touch the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures share something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the rubble pretty far from where their house used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the stream of closing the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the sharks were solving.
His little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do that, something that he could come back to look, something that could remember the past that had not been marked by that day of March, when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there Hans hundreds of them helped us clean over 175,000 pictures the great majority --  -- the great majority came back to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 hundred families of totally respected photos and reflected.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of us in ink for printer.
We take pictures.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing that we would take, but the first thing we would take to look for.
This is what the project was about, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the rescue.
Some of them connected them with something bigger to give up something, using their talent for something that is not thin models of perfect skin.
To finish I'd like to read this electronic email -- I sent him the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I refused, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, contained me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, my mother and my daughter was born, it comes from our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor Edinburgh inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not about a million or a billion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photography, photography, a new technique so fast that it can create video cameras of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser point and you turn it up and take it into a silver of second or whether in various females to create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that pattern of photons -- that bullet -- traveling at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
So if we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons go into this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow cameras.
Now, all of this.   Remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nano is what takes light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coke didn't advertise this research --  -- so many things in this movie, providing this information to show what is going on.
The pulse, our balance, comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, starts to discuss.
Part of the light is forged, goes to the table, and we started seeing these drivers.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, the waves travel through the table and because of the top of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the implications are focus.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it come out of the same distance, and we see it in the camera slow at about 10 billion times, how much do you think that would take us to see that film?
One day? A week -- actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a slow bullet in motion.
And what about the nature of dark nature?
You can see the waves that are supported from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, from a family at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you realize that, as the light gets open from the task, it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce in its inner and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture of low exposure, it gets very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I just get some light.
We sent that bullet -- this package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very safe sync -- we took those gigabytes of data and we put them together to create those photographs that I showed you.
We can take all of those data into crude and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a Southern future would allow you to see after the rich?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Release, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light retals.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a language and we will bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our female, has unique skills.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what a distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a piece of blue, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will put them together and try to analyze the multiple light retals, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it on 3D at 3D."
This is our reconstruction of it.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's going on to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open window.
Or we could build experts to see the interior of the body carrying occupations, and the same for charity.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a asking scientists to start thinking about photography as a new modernism of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Dr. Edinburgh, he himself a scientist, converted science into art, an art of stranger photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected are not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, time between each of those waves is just a few billion-making waves.
But here also happens something fun.
If you look at the waves under the ground, they get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events are happening in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can fix this disease.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, upload it to Solar and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protest in search of a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people who protect for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who had a mobile phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phones, let them go.
Get them up. An Andrew, a Black, whose."
It's a lot. Almost everybody has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my phone, and how it changed my life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
But drivers.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The data Dead Dirty.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every single progress of the Internet all over Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to.
Who sends him a text to who, who sends you.
And if we use the cellphone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and even two years, in their phone company or his provider of the Internet.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data set.
We want the authority in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Well, "Liberal not fear.
And some of them were even said that this would be Stage 2000.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked me if this works really, actually.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone to my phone, Deaf Telescope, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and he asked them to ask him, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Derek Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the instinctive for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly meat on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Trained and five thousand lines of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit scientific -- what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step up the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data means.
So, next to Zero Line and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and leave, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I'm going from Franklin in train to Colombia, and what often I call in the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other one, and the other one, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at first, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who I participated in this protest, and, if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall might never have happened.
And in fact, not the Earth Corporation.
Because today, the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight for automobile.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value, and it's not going on fashion.
When you go home, tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for the authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
I call me Maya Zapanese, and I'm not open, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, that's why I have all the time.
Look at it.
It's advanced. I'm like a shark of Shanghai.
And Muhammad Al Al.
P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not content or can be found.
No one was crying my mother's uterus and I didn't get it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be disabled at some point.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas on Christmas are in the commercial center, drive in circles in search of parking and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit disappeared?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and P. C. It's just one of them.
To be a clean opportunity, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park China, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiative.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy, but my parents don't believe in the "No country?
The mantra of my father was, "You can [unclear] -- dance cancer?
If my three older sisters, I clean up.
If my three older sisters, they went to public school, my parents were demonstrated to the school system, and they made sure that I was also going out, and if we didn't get all the maximum note all of us all the way out of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my legs on their feet and just walk.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it would perceive it.
The system that I carried inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a bomb champion that has received a lot of shells.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they remain all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think of appropriate to use "Mansatis as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot about hunger died during the random.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months old without eating -- so to help the dawn is very easy.
Bay dad in Bronx.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with colleges, or I can walk with paths.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends used collects, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer holidays on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madage.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to kill me, so I drank my blind milk, they put me hot heads on the back, I immersed me at the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and he thought, "It works: "Work, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga it was a story combination that I couldn't stand up with a story.
And now I can hold it in your head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital.
I went to college by the positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the U.S., University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all courses.
It was like the phone demonstration of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I was doing a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the USA decided to make a piece called Bang very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paradise.
So I started yelling at the four winds, and I would have a paper."
I have cerebral paradises?
Electric end."
Thanks to God entirely, I am first free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Sharph Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that they couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes, you can't do the character.
It was a role for which he literally had born and gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
The university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a waste history of hearing access to disabled actors for disabled papers.
When I graduated back, I returned home, and my first actor was like a store in a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be a common friendly for "men friendship," in a signal.
Instead, I was there as a garden -- I didn't see me more than the number, and it was obvious to me that repair directors, they didn't hire coal actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Wolfram Goldberg Roing, Ronosaurus Barrel, Ellan, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentary.
So I became a humble.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and never forget the face of the first comic that he took when he fell in the realization that he was going high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic, in the Middle East, without censorship and without a veil.
Some people say I'm the first monolith in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find ourselves very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Rwanda, and I launched the English Council of New York, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Arabian in the media and at the same time remind them to the leadership directors that subtle and Arab are not significantly.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting against the challenge of the distance of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program behind Keith Obabia.
I walked into a graduate dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and said, "Excuse me, can you give me another shoe?
She looked at me and said, "Fifty, four, three, two.
And we were in live."
So I approached the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was flight.
At the end I had my opportunity and disconnected. I knew they wouldn't get invited again.
But not just Mr. Obama came back to me, but I was kind of like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Obabie was that people on the Internet are school.
It's said that children are crossing, but they never got born from me or child or higher.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a burn object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why do you take the television?
Is it respect?
And my favorite, "Poor terrorist population."
What disease does it have?
We should really save for it."
A computer suggested even that I would add my disability to my curator: the tradition, the paradigm, the paralyzer.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Berkeley can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap up, man. Come on.
Discoveries are the largest minority in the world, and the most represented in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said not walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that's going to be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My laptop journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red flying carpet by the diagram of the Taliban Sun Luck and the cloud of Arabia Arabia.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandal and to work with my partner, the incredible Dave Matthews.
The world will come up with the Arabs have become crazy?
I was desperate to represent the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 CEO.
And I founded "The Middle-a-half-careful children -- a charity to give kids refugee a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in alive, and I had this talk to her memory.
"Pair in peace, "Paper."
I call me Maya Zapanese, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village to South Somalia, in the South Somalia.
This village is close to Mozart.
The droughts drive the small village to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
Without anything to him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mozart, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city out of Mozart.
After maybe a tracking year, nothing.
One day he comes up with a gentleman who offers to take it to lunch, then to develop, to develop.
It knows a bunch of people who are a group of people who give him a description.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, his family.
They present a young guy.
Finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, it bursts a car bomb.
That little boy of that little village with the great care of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Shake, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a little town in a small village try to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him in the city.
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he did.
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call the waiting period.
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the history of the pen the young urban young people who are designed in Johnson designed distributions in London, who are looking for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the city's promise -- the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but the young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three out of five people living in cities will be less than 18 years old.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of waiting period: the door of access to terrorism -- violence, violence, to be the history of cities.
And in my city of birth, Mozart, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't really do anything.
I went back to Mozart last month, and I went to visit the Middle Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that accountant hospital hospital thinking, and if I never had left?
What if I had been forced to be in that same waiting period."
Would it have become terrorists?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mozart that month was actually to force a few juvenile leaders in an business threshold.
It took about 90 simple juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mozart, he graduated up.
I hadn't work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Sharph and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the viral system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And they looked at an opportunity and took it.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started collecting motors to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What do you do to this different story?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It fails young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so dependent.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Monald, a flow.
I was helping train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first fluid that Mouza has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding wash, we were using plastic from the foreign.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers see?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of philosophical disaster and design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he started growing the tubes and liberals, which he said, could survive the hard Mombander of Mozart.
And he started the pull of flowers for box, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on creating the first police park of Mozart in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young, they can go together, and as he says, I will smell the proverbial routes.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in the young.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be artists of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a culture of entrepreneurial spirit is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in the development and put their business out.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, beat the support they need to move from conception to creation, and they will create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, that's how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
He hired children from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm of the waiting period."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: They turn young people into entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than bombs and "expectations of hope.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went camping with my dad on the Adam mountains, an area that was arrested in the North York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest contained.
The sun would make the leaves shine like a vibrant, and not to be the way that we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to stop that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a corporate in a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a substance, of about four square feet with apple hearts of parallel paper balls and old starting cards.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The friendships that were too lazy to take out what they had brought on, who thought I would clean their based?
That question followed with me, and it was a little bit simple.
Who clean our based?
No matter how they organize or where they put our own, who clean our trash in Star?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Sandi clean our trash -- at 11 billion tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like using the uniform and taking that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an introduction.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And it would operate the mechanical rocks and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong one was used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies were still admitted to the weight of taking on their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratories -- the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous computers in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they pass around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implanted of the trash.
When you get out of the continent and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that the trash is like a force of nature itself.
He never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste religions are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protocols.
If you don't get rid of the efficient and effective form every day, this starts to get rid of its container and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to orbit and start to give.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old stuff, we don't have space for what the engines in the economy start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating by capitalism, just pointed out your relationship.
And then there is what I call our average real speed reporting.
And with that I mean simply at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't represent, we clean or take our coffee cup with us, our coast of the manufacturers, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literally.
They're on the street every day, and they're a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us except from ourselves, from our own waste, our destinations, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graduate of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as all the mirrors did.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assisted, and he said, "We're going to be good.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and came back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paula was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor of work.
The municipal waste -- what we think when we talk about trash, they represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, then a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in Ethiopia, Adrians Aband.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to come out running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are a lot of us in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to have a lot of energy because of the crystal with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it's necessary a lot of training.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a press trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the ancient market that is this structure to free air where thousands of people, and they go and buy things every day to small sellers.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where much of the buildings we see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we create a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an uncomfortable atrium, which creates a space to the free air in the building that addresses it, for its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how to close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to an ant capture with products to allow the input of the air, and also the light, but in a filtered way.
Then we are inspired in these beautiful buttons of the protesters of the Ethiopian stories.
They have properties from fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade, and this helped me.
We're building that with these little preference pieces that are the windows that let the air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is completely with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked.
But we all realized that this market idea turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because at the end of the count there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to glass, but also because it was no longer necessary air air.
So we got some savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy autonomous for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these dogs on the roof, which is together collecting water for the sanitation sources.
You expect for early next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to do a big project, the biggest I ever designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, their tradition and the culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 100 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities from Europe with these courtyards in Europe.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this made the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the medical climate?
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly expanded in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for peter.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the bottom plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like breaking the community occupied by building space.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and social, and make these activities like running a two miles in the morning, or jumping from a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes the communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all new girls.
It had large amounts of very bright hair and a little little little little little climb supply, literally. It was super strong for the careers of states, very good for surgeon.
I ended up that year, and I was full of characters, until I swallowed my sinister plan.
One day I was a time after the school coming out of school, and I was a little afternoon, and I hid in the baby of girls.
When the cost was cleared, I went out in the classroom, I took out of the table of my master's table the rating book.
And then I did.
I alter the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of these.
All of the times.  And I put my book to the barrel, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So in a fronts, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the lines of Day and myself a row of this, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea happened.
I don't understand why I felt good at doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's all definitely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I discovered the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for arrogance.
I was introduced by the characters.
They're so mysterious and so performance.
We know that babies suffer from characters.
Also, the primates. The blue birds are very prone too.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of spouses in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because the novels are like the lab that the cells are studying in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no characters, there would be no literature.
Well, there was no Hello the infinite, no "Institute."
There would be no real king, no "The thousand and a night.
There would be Shakespeare.
They would discover the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing "The noise and the Furbmet: there would be no Gate or "Free: We would lose "Mars Bongorad" and "Annave K."
No challenges, there's no Protocol. I know it's fashionable to say that Prototype has the answers for everything, and, in terms of the characters, almost all of them all have them.
This year was 100 years from his master work, "In search of the lost time, the most exhaustive study of sex cells and also the ordinary competition -- mine, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the feeling details -- right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnificent magnificent in the lady of washing landscape.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wollon said were as hard as cat therapy.
I don't know what the cat therapy, but we assume it's supermarked.
Let's see why they're going so well together, the novel and the characters, the cells and the Prototype.
Is it going to be very obvious like the characters, that they reduce the person, their wish, to their improvisitions, are a good narrative of solid?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel characters.
When we feel characters, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being a short and an audience, we know exactly what details to include to raise the knife -- right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that I understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Prototype says that every fresh love that Switzerland is going to detect in his lover, it adds to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sandy and Prototy, they were notoriously school.
You know, Prototype novels would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so hot to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are advantages.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the characters?
The cells are not narrow from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small little little bit of pencil shots.
The cells are not nurtured from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  -- I set up well the language with the account of the characters.
When Sandy is in his character agenda, suddenly listen behind the doors and bribe the services of his lover -- then they define those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is reputation, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a monopolic."
He says, "These are scientific research with true intellectual value.
Prototype is trying to prove that the cells look intelligently, and they make us seem abstract, but in their mind, they are search of knowledge, search of the truth, a painful truth -- in fact, to what I think, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss: these were the pathways to the wisdom of Protory.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer from us, put a lot of much deeper feelings and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested.
Is it telling us that we are going to look for creatures crop?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells revealed ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion of our addiction, our horrible ambition and our rights.
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so peculiar intense."
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman would stop him.
And Freud says that there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspect without any cause.
But he looked for things that made his wife, without realizing involved, involuntary behaviors.
Is it a lot too secret -- or do you love accidentally with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the charge of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely heavy we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal acts of them.
The cells drive us to behave completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at age eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in news.
An Michigan woman of 55 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent out of the village, horrible messages for himself for a year.
For a year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his former novel, I have to confess that when or this, it reacted with admiration or this.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big, even unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patrick Higgstis.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Strangers in a Trens and "The Talents Mr. "Perception: books that try to how the cells confirm our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the streets, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punched in a second.
Take Tom Rich, his most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to want or want what you have to take away from your self and get out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor, and it responds to your name, it takes your rings, I empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Richard.
I can't give you the whole world, as much as I want.
It's a silver, because we live in time of envy.
We live in times of characters.
I mean, we're good at social media, where the coin is the sending? Right?
The novel show us the room? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they are in a mystery.
Let's go to 2015 from Baker Street and ask by Sherpher Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, think about the curse.
But I've always preferred -- "I have predicted the Internet Search, the head face of Scottish Yard who needs Hillows desperately needs the Higgs genius, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs his help, but it resists, and bubbles with administration in each of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Six Nations Adventure, once Holland comes in, he destroyed all of them with his solution, Lester goes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not cells, Mr. Holes.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person at Scott Yard who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood translated in history. I think this is very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Holly is on the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute they're on the same side.
All of a sudden, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being him the result.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a subject of geometry, just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to worry about the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the continent plans.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort us.
Just the fictional fiction is the characters.
The fiction used to the dominant, invited them to the table.
And look at what it added: the sweet Lester, the lander Tom Richard, the same Sanda Protocol.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Alice jumped out of the moon of Apollo 11 and described about the Marine Sea.
Armstrong and Alice were alone alone, but their presence on the surface of the sunlight was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the greatest movement in peace time in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave up about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo One.
But before the Apollo program funded 24 men traveled to the moon.
He was walking on their surface, from which Alice after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of come back, 385 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would be expanding later, a new sense of small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviet that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Richard in 1966 give us a better idea.
John F. Kenned: Some questions, why is the Moon?
Why will we turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain up?
So 35 years ago, why will we fly about Atlantic 35."
Why do you play Richard against Texas playing?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Power: For the contents, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transportation of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The Earth on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the policies were eradicated and the smallpox is eliminated.
Technology seemed to possess what Alien Toronto in 1970, called a stranger "force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew flew at 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10, and the optimism of optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology would solve like going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seems to have intractable results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 legs.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube called the Valley Valencia.
I knew that this would be the last music mission, but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have distracted us and they would have enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a particular explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you have created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel interviewers, Microsoft and Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the cultures, in concrete, the incentives that the risk capitalists offer the business.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It's mostly explaining what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their point with not worrying about risk, they prefer small investment, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
CEOs have always had problems investing in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term, and they have never invested in the development of technologies destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose to not solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biomass. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biomass.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologies, the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policies and international treaties are going to be able to develop the development of alternative energy, mainly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we're going to see a U.S. energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus together.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for a while that famines are the result of failure in the food rate.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect catastrophic food distribution.
Technology can improve things like costs or systems for storage and food rates, but there will be famines while they were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes end a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war of cancer in 1971, but we soon discovered that there are many types of cancer, some terrible resilience to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and must, but these four elements have to be present -- the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution, and the institutions have to support the solution. It should be really about a technological problem.
The Apollo mission -- which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, with those critics.
But it's a progressive model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no gravitational competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who heroes the hard and the dangerous thing, and there is no popular science mythology like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
OK, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start remembering the ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become clear of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is an objective -- we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the reading, the goal and the task have been bad interpreted.
What I'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a reading, an objective and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why people think that trust has disordered?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I just think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same discovery.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago, they continue to be quite reliable -- judges, nurses, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions of it.
What else can you record?
What you see are the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust politicians -- trust the teachers.
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the blocks?
Do you trust fishermen?
Do you trust the primary markets?
You probably started to say, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some, but in other notes."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to break the confidence differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, functional or person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, saying that I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the reading class, but no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to get a secret.
Simple.
And if we have got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to force the good judgment in fact to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue for.
I would be able to have more confidence in what it is to trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who stopped their savings with the very seemingly named Mr. Macron, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
Department desperate or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, right, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that to be able to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competent in the permanent stuff, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competition and honest, but not trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forget.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely destination.
If it's like this, I haven't been performing.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
The trust is the answer.
Confidence is what we have to judge in.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to attend the party itself.
And we find the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness. And the conservation testing, it's actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they will do the work of the people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, demanding them that "remain cardiovased, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more conflicting, and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust, and we will convey to the people that we are reliable and if we tried to determine whether other people, functional or political are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not done properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task to rebuild trust, it puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should reconstruct trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, is distinctive because we give us other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't store it, usually all the people, all the time.
But you also have to provide faith evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That is done every day, everywhere, you do the common people, the officials.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says that I can give you without giving explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change me for the color I want.
That's great. I rely on them because they become vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not something very hard to tell.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have come to strive to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be devoted.
This separation has been slowing down, increasingly and more and more and more than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
So I started imagining how it would be.
First I created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when the strong operating operations against the screen will transfer its physical body into philosophers.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of your hands?
In the Discovery app division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Captain Bouleva -- he repeated the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital work.
By combining a transparent visit with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and files have a location in real space, select them is as easy as holding a book from a shelf.
You can hear the book and pull lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we come into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Sure, many of us will have bought and bring things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is an online test test.
This is the vision that you get from a lying device in your head or transformed when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future like this?
In the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii, and my collaborator Remain Post, we created this only physical expression.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similar, what we did was we crave gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back to reproduce and stay in the physical world.
You can teach corruptions physically and distance and famous Michael Jordan, you can reproduce it as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitoring or textbooks or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what is most fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to get rid of our world.
We started talking about today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hong, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the paid.
But my mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a closed path to happiness -- a safe and good job work.
No matter if the work would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A portal singer must start training from very young to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I was written to the director of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adult gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at age 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
The rest of my life for the rest of my life is the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another volcano.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I turned to books.
"The "The Children's "The Children "Country Charles -- "Life Cheimbergen: "Leaving American "Listenings in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese pharmaceutical life.
And it's not a convenient propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was an revealing," "Hongering your father and your mother."
Hong, I said. It's so different, and much better than open.
So it became my tool to come out of this conflict collection and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my computer reading habit.
It makes a lot of perspective.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
The comparative reading is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, give the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it as well in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can treat people "Well French French of Walter Machine from David McGowan of David McGowan who were involved in the same room, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crisis, the temptation are economic, political and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychological psychologists," lunch, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The room of Church Twitter: Thomas Mercin "The Talk of The Talk The Alley Waters instead of losing the translation -- found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "short salt."
And "November in Chinese literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to feel alone or impossible.
Having a destructive dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect them to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
To a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first school clip.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using values and a hell shell, he took on the couch of my office removed the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so released.
My class company had a pyramid as a client.
And I took a close that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions -- it made me easy to just move your head while we were taking the solution.
The trained is the new fingers: he said, Alex, and so I saw it, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you get home after, you have children later, even the death goes on.
For flights like Alex and I was on the ground.
But shortly after, my supporter pressure me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I got restricted.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys under your category -- he sits up with a head head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my supermarket said, "Not yet, but maybe it married the next one.
Also, the best time to work on Alex marriage is before he has happened?
This is what psychologists call a "Beach moment.
It was when I realized that the 1990s are not the new two.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the fact that the Africa of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the fact that the 20th of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negative was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of the ground all over the place.
There are 50 million pedestrians in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to adulthood without going on before by the two.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the paintings here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with fresh, you love a flight, you remove the dream a flight, I want to see. It's good. Incredible, the retirements really matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Allie: who will shape his life will have gone through when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40 -- they don't train panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they will win.
We know that over half of Americans are married, they live or they are coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and represents for adult, which means that if there is something you want to change from itself, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at the age of 28 and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are time to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has a depressed impact in the person who will become becoming.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the flights are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
The researchers call the 20s an extended adolescence.
The journalists are looking at the ridiculous names like "The "The Party-powered and "dietary] "Christians."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give a painting on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart feet, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a race before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are for finishing and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the chairs of the chairs.
They all run and they got fun, but then at some point about 30, the music took it and they all started sitting in.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think that I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the inmates here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme. But you don't get it, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30s, there's a huge pressure to the traditions, and so many of you start a career to pick up a city, pick up a partner, and have two or three children in a very short period of time.
A lot of these things are not complicated, and there are research that start to show you, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the same time.
The media crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the race you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many travels and quarters look at themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the flights are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emmanue.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work on art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a word.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more closely than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult life, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions. But then she was lifted herself by saying, "One doesn't choose his family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
He had just bought a new freedom for the director, and I had spent all the morning filling it with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In East Emergence, please call it ...
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a automatic accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "M.
What Emma needed was not a therapy that actually became worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit on as the 10th decision of Emma was going on.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the flat, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I said to Emma that would forget from that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For the capital of identity, I mean doing something that adds to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Emma career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: capacity of identity generates a capital of identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that interesting, that company that you want to test.
I'm not cutting out the flight exploration, I'm cutting the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's property.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport, but the flights that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will almost go out almost always comes from outside their nearest circle.
The new things come from what they call weak friends friends of their friends.
Yeah, half of the grounds have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to color this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is how to get a job that was not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose his family, but I know his friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a dead, Emma soon choose his family, when he has a partner and shaped his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think the 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now, or you're sitting now when everyone in Facebook start walking towards the altar.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have, and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever it is that I choose them to you.
So what happened with Emmanue?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the bride that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously concentrated.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the space contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story may sound easy, but that's what I love working with fronts.
It's very easy to help them.
The flights are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which goes out somewhere in the West.
Just before the short, a slight leg in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Pineta.
In the same way, at age 21 or 25 to the age of 21, a good conversation, a good desk, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the flights that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege of saying to flats like Emma every day, "The Tristees are not the new 20, they take their adult, they get a capital of identity, they use their farmers -- they choose your family.
Don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful job in the management of a job that was even more exceptional, the doctor.
I went to show you mathematics to seventh grade students in the public schools in New York.
And as any professor, I applied tests and testing.
I give them tasks.
When the work came back, it calculates grades.
What called me the attention was that the CIA wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better performance had no placements of C. structure.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kinds of things that need to learn in math in seventh grade, safe, are hard, proportions, declines, the area of a paralyzed.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over enough time.
After several years of documentary, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education.
It's the CIA -- but what if I succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a rapid and easy way?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist, and I went to college.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging species, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military According West Academy.
We tried to predict what the networks would remain in military training and who would be refused.
We went to the National Construction Construction and we tried to predict what kids would move from the most possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these marketers are going to keep jobs for work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, it came up with a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and wasn't the C.
It was the detection.
Detection is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination questionnaires and then wait around over a year to see who they grew up.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater probability likely to graduate -- even when I showed them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that kids were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Context of Delime in which the detection matters. It's also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most important thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical work of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you any choice.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the dominant determination is not related to or is even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Day, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fish, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Department has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mentality is a great idea to develop choice.
But we need more.
And that's where I end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test it.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to equipped them, to start all again with the lessons learn.
In other words, we need to be determined to make our children more apart.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan like the daughter of a calculation, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an extraordinary, it seems as imperactive as the Great Wall China.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant signals, understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if you were shouting in a French way, "Albynia." I'm a communist." This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks to believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going on.
As the ancient said, two are companies, three are a crowd.
If one person would be your arms, this person is saying "that's this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is catching.
It's a prisoner -- as John inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the cities.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an identity."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is quite line.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is to burn it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sources together, proposition.
Three together, those are faiths.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. It looks at me.
A door. They put a table inside the door, it's the ceremony of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you touch someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scratching, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, have care is adult.
So we've gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 percent.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you will be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after we met the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is on this eastern China.
So a sun next to the origins, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains attached one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because the Chinese emperor met their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become going out.
A mouth that tells you to going out is a output.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the May of Oz together.
The movie mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand on.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we create our children in a kind of industrial complex shows of child fantasy.
However, the O'N magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a fourth years later with that, interestingly, another film whose protocells, a metal boy and a small boy rescue a girl dressed as a guard of enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the May of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Mars Magazine.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Rio magician was done today, the magician would say, Dorring, you're the saving of Oz as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer general computers of the bad ballot conflict.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Mars magician is that the most heroic characters and the sense and even the lights are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
three years old.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supply level had gone down.  So he stood up in the room and was impressed as a mom with her patterns behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but substantially, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what you perceive for.
Would you be value issues, perspective and legacy?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is one to an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the 1970s magician of 1970.
How do you win Dorring his movie?
You do good mines with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up, OK? And not a world of men fighting that is where we are.
Why is there so much Fortune capital force in the movies for our children, and so little from the path of yellow blood?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus together.
I know for experience that Princess Library doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults who is minister.  I think at the moment of the first kiss -- I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have note.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and it will defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they do, the boys, are not really their objective audience.
They do phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real as Sergional and Kathmiltina, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical -- each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who give a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out of Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when Valley came out.
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of a princess of it.
It's very good. Don't let it stop you."
Well, almost none of these films pass the Becknic test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alan Becknie is a comic drawing, and in the middle 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend on the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are just three questions that should be done, in the movie, there is more than a female character than you have line?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversations are about something more about the kid that they so much?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things about each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, Argene.
Right? Rumors of coal, cheek success -- an idea of consensus of what a Hollywood film is.
Pretty much, it doesn't pass the Beijing test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the crisis of the researchers.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, house?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protocells?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's fine.
But there's a bigger number than this is going to be disappointed with this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music videos or pornography are closely linked to it, but something wrong -- and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is that there's a lot of sexual addresses.
Who are those guys -- what are you learning for?
What do you not get learned?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this statistics very alarming and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our device as a grandchild game, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, but have you to ask, is it going to protect them if at the same time, activate or passively -- we're educating our children to keep their male power.
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of men.
Mania definition is radically changing.
You will have read about how the new economy is changing the role of home and allowing.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character from Star Wars did know what he responded?
Walker."
"Bobby Kennedy and Gland.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anybody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories to tell my son, see and struggle only and more stories where he saw that his work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the Moor of OECD.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I would most like to look at was looking for sea cookies.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered in sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architect.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I saw my own eyes that was not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles away from the U.K.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that I had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared in it.
This is a place that is located in Eastern Egypt called Bennique.
And the place, in the naked eye, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright round.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians in the world.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Ataba, lost for thousands of years.
Attack was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Failey, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Impose, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Ataban was located somewhere near the penis of the two kings that built them into the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge alignal planning.
This area is enormous. It measures approximately six per 4,000 miles.
Before, the Nilian flow right next to the Ataban side, and as it changed over time, he went down to this and covered all the city.
So how do you find a city supported in an extinct landscape?
Trying to find it in random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a shop, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves of baseball.
So we use NASA support data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the U.N.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Atali.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing sample work, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the shows of show, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of law, we found a dense layer of celebrity objects.
This means that in this possible location of Atali, five meters down, we have a capital layer of several hundred years to do the Middle Impose, exactly the same period that we think is Ataba.
We also found workers of period, coral, quantum and cat, which shows that there was a shoes shop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the model of the Middle Company, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Atali here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end up with my favorite quote from the Middle Impose, it probably was written at Atali 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all vocalizations.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984.
It makes ideas happen, it really started in 1984 -- a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine concerts in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's made.
Now visualize a group of obese nations in bicycle.
They are competing in a carbon nation race and they go into your front door.
I need you to see this true.
They're sticking strong, they're sweeping, they're going to jump a lot.
And they collide against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that are going on to their side, rays of the wheels that end up in the autonomous places.
And the lobby, the path, or whatever the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light.
He's helping them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue palette making you in your nose.
You can smell the shock cookie and happens that it's about to get into the mouth.
You walk on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and making a maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Sperts.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center table, singing "Hi Bay Baby Toronto Time."
Now take me to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow bands and from the oven, they come to you Doraldon, the Home of Holida, the Philippines and the Leonard Mark Mark, surrounded by hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting with, I suppose, that this was like the end of a supermarket sympathy.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems.
They compete to see who I could memorize more quickly the order of a barrier of nations.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England, and he has one of the best entrepreneurs in it.
I said, "Design, when did you realize that you were a son?
Ed said, "I'm not a son.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that California used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I not hear about this before?
We were standing out of the room of competition, and Ed -- who is a wonderful and brilliant English and a little bit of a brilliant English, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Springs?
And I said, "What?" No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Sperms how to memorize order in a live nation deck in the national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Sperman, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what the potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called P.C.
He's a ambiguous, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed us to see until what point our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Penn. He was based on the role of Dusty Hollywood in the movie "Rainborne Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone guides. It was central.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaties about written memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, discipline and crops was not one thing as rare as it can seem to be today.
A long time, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and crops is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really that singular -- there's competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to have brains in some ways, structural or emotionally different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more intelligent than the rest of them.
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There were yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and son forms of snow, found that in memory champions they were lit in the seat of the brain, different than others.
In effect, they used or seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tourist of competitive memory is driven as a armed race where each year comes to someone with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Fried, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 deadliest nations that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that he only did.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 414 binary binary digits.
Yeah. Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call a claim code."
It illustrates with a paralyzed paradigm known as the Panice Paradox: "Barbara says this: "I say to two people who remember the same word. I say to you. "You remember there's a man called Baker."
That's his leadership.
And then I ask them, remember there is a bank.
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word I told you a lot?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Babylonian is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his work was baby."
The same word, different memory capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baby, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word, "Baby." We know shoes.
They use simple white hat.
They have hour in your hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some painting.
And when you hear that word, for the first time, we started putting out astronomers to easily download them at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the measure of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simplists that I attended a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring to a D. he hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he was saved, and so soon she was, the bank room collapsed out.
And all of you all everybody.
But it's not just killed by all, but he destroyed the bodies by leaving them invisible.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simpled, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble -- close your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where every single invited had been.
I took the family families to take them to where their loved ones were in between the rubble.
What Simplists added at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions by word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you asked them to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simplists, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who I was sitting on the side of the paralyzed horse in his lobby, they would be able to see it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with things that you want to remember -- the more local, the bigger, the funny, the salt and the stranger is the image, the more inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, the first memory treaties in Latin, the first memory.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it from memory, the same way that you have done it in City if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're on the door of your house.
And it will come up with a kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unacceptable image to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely unstable competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Mallard of the Gallery Mountain of Michelle Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spert to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to tell.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth theme that you would talk about would be that strange journey that they made for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word per word, that will confuse them, but typical per typical guy.
In fact, the term toxic temperature, comes from the Greek "guys, which means "planet."
It's a dress of when people thought about orbit and rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "in the first place, it would be like the first place in its memory palace for me.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got rid of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea to write something extensive about this compelling memory subject.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting in a lot of people -- I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is washing the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in his place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school analysis bought in a pulse market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entertained, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is getting more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, property, instruments, and hopefully inevitable -- in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my training standard team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving just two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year earlier. I had the idea that I could enter in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve from good economic for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and it's actually not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because it's based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the metals of memory or memorize nations of nations, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't have to exercise out there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memories.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, is what Ped, the ambulance I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence to lose in the Blackbos or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side. We're going to be so holiday that we don't even bother to process deep process?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remember remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from No. Jersey, I was six and I lived there at my parents' home in a town called Lincoln, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a balance that would give the room to be.
And there they all pass the time looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all see me -- and every time I told me and I went back into a towel. They all see me.
And I was like this.
It was top, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balloon, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I feel, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not the division of area, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we operate.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
So 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it ends) You think about power, "stuff and democracy."
And I know that you think about it in a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a destruction that the architects use to create an emotional connection with ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build homes.
Look, these stable, stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build and the urbanization and the governments, they always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a beautiful building.
It's the Library Public Library of Linux that was ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- collaborators, red down, which let Linka try to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, got another library, which looks like this.
He's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, reading and sharing.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the principal.
On one side there is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new typicals, new solutions for the forms of life today.
We drive, we drive and drive so much, we get completely away from people.
All of black, this depressed us. You think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go to the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like trainings, so we start experimenting again. We make the way back to the back, over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the biological called.
It has to do with concrete.
That can be available.
Small windows on the devastating scale.
Really very hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the yield back into the other direction.
We take those ways we know that we like to do it and update them.
We add snow and we add passengers and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give you absent.
We take Chinese arms and turn them into skyscrapers that can be medieval canders made of glass.
The shapes were adopted, they won in audacity and color.
The ones became columns collections.
Cities grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved into the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
Maybe with a song of bread palaces.
This is what happens with posture.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories from other places.
I know very good, and all of you know, this is not the Toronto.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated. And we start to make a silence in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democratic call.
We cut the historical symbols -- now we have new techniques of computer design techniques, and we find new composition, a few ways that are crashing against other ways.
This is academic and embraced, and it's super impact. One is totally exploded.
Normally, the space of new in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Ghobin of Bill, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times called this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and rational, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media was gained around them, and quickly we learned that those shapes mean culture and turbulence.
We've created emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and turbulence.
This phenomenon of beginning from the new millennials with other star architects.
I happened to Kata and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to go through all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
You think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is scratched, they can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology accelerated. You can see in the newspapers, in TV, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before I know if the one that designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutal wasn't a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we are in the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the arrow, the steel or the access, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the principal to the media, it starts getting faster and faster, until it will be in both extreme extremes almost in size, and it is effectively developed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you -- the public.
Now we can make symbols almost instantly, with emotional charge from something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was invented.
This is the center of a village called Pinos in Fort Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the product that was finished, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started getting and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a media of communication, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes collection with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those Library libraries.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation.
That's world.
Movements that can lead to the mayor of Livester, to the people of Lincoln, and tell you that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experience.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and you're not a distant public who doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't leave the architecture.
That means that the killer line from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find the solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Selander can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad red imitation of red brick with ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because ultimately we'll be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings resemble the whims of nature and not.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even you can marry in the night.
This means three architects can dream with swimming in the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together in that cause, no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation like this little bank panel, as muscle and firefighter like the animals you're going to look.
Because no longer matter if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological and more intelligent and more amazing.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect and try and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they make it shape to the smallest spaces, local libraries -- the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steel.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that cool way, typical of children in a year, showing as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's completely accurate.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection of it.
He goes down and chain, and it gives them those big and wet kisses itself.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when about doing this?
How is it that we are suddenly not going to like with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I favorite?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and lives in Denset.
And as any teenager just wants to be wanted and come in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends or his friends, or school partners tell him, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video out of her itself, publishes it on YouTube, and ask others who please leave a comment -- "Am I nice, or am I fair?
Well, so far, Faiza has received over 13,000 comments now.
Some of these are so unfortunately, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correct, which receives these answers in one of the stages of its most vulnerable life emotionally.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under the line of being online and available all the time, talking to me, charging, like, like, like, like, I like to share, and sharing it, publishing this never over.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implementary.
This environment, to be always connected, is contributing to our children to turn into the number of "I like them and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated digitally, digitally.
What is the most detailed thing in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are paralyzed from the news of the girls now.
Zero logging models continue to dominate our past.
The drug technique is now a routine one.
And trends like, "The Training, Twitter, Nikola and sheep.
For those of you who know it, it means profitable means.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the Sufi stars of sports and the complete singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be individuals well balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other ways start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as controllers to society and labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom, and they avoid to participate in classrooms of classroom because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see the good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't care about that of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it gets regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to make it very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is definitional academic performance.
And it's also reducing health.
The teenage teenagers do less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, they participate in more no healthy distances that can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and are in greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all about this so they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, drug diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual ages and early ages and self-organization and self-construction damage.
The search of the perfect body is predicting the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overfishing again, regardless of whether they have or don't have greater rates of amounts.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
Leave this potential is for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of property programs, without realizing the situation.
So we should make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are processing points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us to take the stakes in the issue and we are a better model to follow the women and girls in our own lives.
Change the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the approach of our politicians in heart cuts or the size of their chest, or to pretend that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judge the people so they are, not because they look at it.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility by the kinds of images and comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time they were brought up a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children are going to grow up to value all their people, valuing individuals, diversity, including it.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference on a pediatric.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they have never been able to be who they are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
A wife?
A sister?
To his daughter.
Her service? To his friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that automated voice inside his interior, which is attracted by not having long legs -- more heavy -- more sliced feet -- smaller feet a lower?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would say to its potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images are telling us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
We teach that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who are and so they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small travels of an age of age today became agents of safe change in the same morning.
Let's do it.
On November 5 in 1990, a gentleman named Sweden November went to a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Meistry Kansast rabbi, the leader of the Judge Defense Life.
And North Namibia was initially declared with the innocent bank, but being prisoners by other leaders -- in company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 inches from New York, including tunnels, synthesis and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by a FBI informant information.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center could not be avoided.
Later, November would be convicted by its participation in that attention.
Spain November is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, teacher school teacher -- between the two did all possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few -- even most Muslims, get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are streamled so amazingly to their convictions that think you have to use all possible media to live like them.
A few months before he was arrested. He sat with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, they had been going to test training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We arrived at the Congress of Congress who, without knowing our group, was visited by the FBI.
When I got to throw up, my father helped me hold the rifle.
That day, with the last bullet I shot I gave to the little orange light on the target and, for surprise of all, especially me, all the goal in the call.
My uncle turned to each other and in Arabic, he said, "I won "Abandon."
From such a parent, a child.
All of all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what it seemed so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a load with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking tower of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and helped another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "mammal," which means you.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone was already time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class, it was often victims of patterns.
I thought I was secret for my identity to avoid being the white -- but it will be the new of the class, silence and reward, was enough.
So most of the time I spent it home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I don't develop social skills, to say it surely -- to grow under fantastic, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that came to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a profitable program in which I participated in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, like I had been a male victim almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different products.
One day, to the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship was Jewish was Jewish.
I took a number of days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no animal between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly felt very proud of having been able to see the barrier that the entire life had had to believe that it was a failure.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer work in Bush Garden, a diversity park.
I found people in all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of my life had taught me that the homographic was a sin and, by extension, all the homosexuality were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical and less critical that I had seen in life.
Having been associated with a kid, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others. But it wasn't easy to me to treat kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be hungry, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the "Day Shoot.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my intelligence, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my dad figure at a time when I was desperately having it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected thing, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life that my own father, extreme, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something to do in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has suffered enough with a positive domestic and said, "I'm tired of hate."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zakel Propton.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, some day, who is trying to take violence to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was convicted to this violent and international ideology. I didn't have to make it great.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk about these unprecedented acts as I reject the actions of my father.
So with this simple I'm going to show me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-making movie.
It's in 3D, and it has sound substance of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a shark, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected in your eyes.
And it has constantly a support voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in the way.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie itself, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that process what we get to produce results without experiencing the inner movie in the inner movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible to be a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subtle.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior obviously, the neuroscience studied the brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything began to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "Now it's time for science to address consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the science of science work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the search of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas came up with a few minutes.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to the neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie there?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like employees, like the horrible, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
typical ingredients are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the explorations operate -- how the hurricane works, how they reproduce them, they adapt and they metabolize living organisms -- they're all questions about objective work.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon -- how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the entrepreneur, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the selfish that works. For a long time, I hit the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in a few physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systemic reasons.
I think we stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanation, great. We used to this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't even know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you need to do, is to explain objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and this is what it is that you need to explain all it needs.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reducing reduction, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promises.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental crazy: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental properties and properties don't explain in terms of anything else.
Instead, they consider fundamental and that's what the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is slowly.
In the 19th century, Muhammad discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, Lawking laws -- so I put the basic laws of the electromagnetic and put electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, card, then by a matter of logic.
The most natural thing would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to drive it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space time, time, mass processes, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can share it in a friendly.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can share it in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called familiar," "Paint for everyone, pen by mind, every system is conscious -- not just humans, the dogs, the males, the flies, even the microbes in Kong Knikerwath, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photograph can be full of distress when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the routes."
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some crude feeling -- sub-Saharan, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How would someone think about something that cool?
This is partly coming from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal as well as others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illegal, it's much less for people in different cultures, where human mind seems more like a continuous with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking about physical process, is linked to consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing there is awareness.
complex information processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Gianthway Novah, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called period, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I guess it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of pain, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- pretty significant, a fairly important degree of consciousness.
But when you get to the worms -- microbes -- particles -- the grain of poet ...
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a level of a different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of period, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that philanthropic can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of equations?
From the passionate view, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness doesn't find outside of the physical world as a kind of addict.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the paralyzed vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then it should be vegetable.
If you're a paralyzed and accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Saturn artificial intelligence system in the movie "Art."
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of the paralyzed information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have a pretty serious ethical problem on the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of taking it.
Finally, you can ask the awareness of full collective collective collections, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, at this point we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this TED group of TED, different from the internal movies of every single part?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be taken seriously.
So this paralyzed vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is the second one that it's universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She doesn't really get anything.  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's school, and I spent a lot of time looking at "Beautiful Seatbarchies and "Darkers Creator."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Mellon, just after about 20 minutes in the 13th class of legal studies a boy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your discovery?
And I said, "What discovery?
Well, I had been talking to you about the law law for some good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspired things in school?
"Please in the act of action."
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had experiences with people with disabilities as an object of inspiration.
And we are not. And it's not guilt from the guy, so that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturing.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and you're probably waiting to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to decline straightforward.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is something bad, Master, M.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not bad and it doesn't make you exception.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this to lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invitation."
Or this one: "Before I abandon it, "bank."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with store pieces of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately developed, because they come to a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we applied to the benefits of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that I've been strange to want to express that they believe that I am a brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to compete.
These images, those images encode people with the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We know some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "People that are disappointed because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live in our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with kids in those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They simply are using their bodies taking the best of their capacity.
So is it really fair to concern them in the way that we do it, by sharing those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration that says it as a print.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptions.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
And I'm here by bounding the inspiration, and you think, "My God, Stewart, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of crazy pictures to pick up the things that they fall with --  learning the income of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that except and complicated us.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest inevitabia.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude: the reason that it's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a pile of stairs has never done that it becomes a ram.
Never.   smiling before a television screen won't be able to appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and indigenousing a positive attitude to turn all those books into the joke.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "But "But "The Salary Valley doesn't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to raise us from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 year-old boy in a high school school in Mellon is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
The disability doesn't make us exceptions, but questioning what you think to know about it know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do about augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a glass with no card?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't desert.
When people think of augmented reality, they think about "Minister Report: And in Tom Craig running hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, is what I'm wearing, the Google Golden Galaps.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is an device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a man from 110 pounds is chasing us, trying to tell us with all of his being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is using under the helmet and giving them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not the images of the NGO practice, because the idea of the NYU of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kleef: Come on.
It's horrible to be transparent.
A moment. Let's zoom up a little bit.
Presentational prepared?
Go!
Chris Kleef: As you can see, it's a probability of what is being carved in the football field, from the perspective of the trained.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, short at the University of Washington.
Company Marieful," Pauling 54, Patrick Packagon."
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Kleef: This is a little bit more than the feeling will be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NGO.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and have asked me on YouTube and at Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field marker.
Or a room?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from full, how do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Economic Rick, which surely many of you know.
The Richard Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we take an Adrian Peter video crossing the line, getting rid of a transit with the arm before they run and make an angle: what will be the experience of a fantasy.
When it can be Messette running through the shadow, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Feed doing a short shot in Wikipedia?
What will your experience be when it descended from a mountain to over 100 miles like an Olympic school?
Maybe you increase the sales of pains for adults.
But this is not yet augmented yet.
It's just virtual reality, River.
How do we get the augmented reality, RISD?
We will get the augmented reality when the coaches and the metrics and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So here's a quick job about technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Paris of Baltimore put a walk to his field marker to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NGOs put radio in the helmet of the fields of field and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2030, imagine that they're a player coming back to your group and you see your next player shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you're wearing -- you don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose some of you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the side of the helmet and the applications, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
The bad guys will have a lack of information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad guys.
So your team of computing will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
So who would have imagined.
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you're the field marine.
You get the ball and back.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a flower on the left part of your bombsight will warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack you. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Red system advanced you.
Go forward to the protection area.
Another flow tells you that there's an open receptor.
You launched the ball, but they would give you you.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- yet the receptor sees in your visit a grass area that lights up and can modify the race.
It gets apart, it grabs the balloon, running and angry.
The audience is analyzed, and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circum, like our head entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it's literally going to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth sports.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how long their actions are their actions from the perspective of victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live being a lot?
How much is it for a Haiti Company or a Neil Depress Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than quarterly notes and Karbies?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on us, as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the Richard Patriotown of California.
Most of those 23 years I was able to patrol the southern end of the Maria County, which includes the Goldman Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Goldman Gates was open in 1973.
Joseph Streets, engineering chief of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much a suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probable."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as like that, so that the fall of him releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that happen under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones -- some of which provides vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
Those of you who don't normally fit in the infinite water and then get showed.
I don't think that the ones that control this method of suicide realize that they have the death mark that you will face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 parallel steel pulses to the bridge.
This is where most people are before they take away life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darker time, it's very hard to bring them back back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke with an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back into the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide but as well.
We've run a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new offices.
This is Jason Garric.
I met it on July 22 of last year by receiving a call from a possible subject in the coal near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Goldman Gates.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try to stay from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- I asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
remembering the Greek mythology -- Ze created Panco, and sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panuary, and she opened the box.
They came out of paintings, small, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and no hope there?
You stopped a few instants, leaned on the right, and it was.
This beautiful and smart guy in New Jersey just taken away from life.
I talked to the parents from Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had asked it.
The collateral damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or any loved was suicide suicide?
What would you say?
Did you know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just going to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understanding.
Don't argue -- cleaners, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think that someone is suicide -- you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is: Other people in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their lives. You've had these thoughts?
confront the person in front of it can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- important, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, social issues -- and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I would like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hi, Keviney. I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell their friends, etc.
I am still quite numb but noticing more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Philip police and repeated it as a disappeared night.
In the next morning, two officials came home and reported to me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump out of the bridge at 155, the late day of the previous day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been bad before wrong with a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
GPH, the Google Gall Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery center.
Good luck this week, Victorian."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible subject in the top of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle down the sidewalk, and I watched this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I crossed the barrier immediately, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the time and a half next half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give it to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did he do to go back and give him hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me."
They let me talk and just listen to me.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the Kevin mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Mr. Brights, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons that Kevin follows with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medical.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months -- completely unconscious of all those herdier traits -- but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
So I usually debt with you, Narrator Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Power. When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you found as the patient.
I'm going to get it to solve?
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about taking another person.
They just want your own pain to end up.
Typically, this is only achieved by three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason one.
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
At the end of it, I looked at me, and he said, "Keep, I feel sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge are not suicidate.
Also, those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one who left the barrier realized they had made a mistake, and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connects Mary with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving for doing.
Suicide can prevent you.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not like, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I am not alone.
When I became a model I felt that finally had gotten the dream that I had from a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'll refer to you later, when I look at this picture, I think, "Good George, you get it, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that, I am beginning.
All of us get into our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release -- to get rid of the limitations of the skin of the skin or the beliefs of those who surrounded us.
They are people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, a lot of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this initiative is called revealing.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child when I was born because of my general application.
I remember my five years in Los Philippines, in my house, I always had this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to adjust it.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never went to share my story, not because I thought I will be what I'm bad, but because of how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I thank you to be female.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess -- girl door.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing a man, I met this woman called T. T.
It's the director of a transgender beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty consumer?
He told me that if she participated her from the instinct of inspiration and the virus, and that night, he won in a bathroom suit, he won on garden suit, and it was third minister between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from the beauty of translated women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the destructive, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that I was approved by my solid card that I could go live to the U.S.
I was resisting.
I told my mother, "Mom, I'm divided.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a real bit of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you move to the U.S., you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I would put two "men to my name.
She also accompanied me when I opened in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before they change the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of George and the Findi of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means being able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears looked mixing.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York City and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman of Hill Tensons in the woman.
A young woman in New York who lived his truth, but that, slowly, he put her life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global view by the Transackering Day.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fought and stood in front of the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday there are no more viruses in November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Roosevel: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my binds.
to my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attached to young women, who have been originally, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I would take the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mom, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others. It's just a gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all are assigned by a gender by born, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that non-like advancement, and that there should be a space that allowed people to self-assembly -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, the parents usually know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were taken in 2011, when he was given the National Prize Journal Prize of the peace, it was very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of inequality, inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child was born, his birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome -- not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes from it to the mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, he was confused, and with the hope of a child, when he was fighting his third daughter, he feels guilty like a criminal.
Not only is the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the daughter was born, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, she stays home and school admit to his brother.
Until the age of 12 years old, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the adolescence, when I was 13 years old, he was banned to leave his house without a male ampull.
It's confined to four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if I carried the code of that honor course, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this question code of honor, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificing the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's one more norm of the patriarchal societies that's called obesity.
A good girl has to be very quiet and very humble and very subtle.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want it.
If you marry a man who doesn't like or if you marry an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be useful of destruction.
If you have a very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it destination.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a poem," "The house, you love it, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he reaches the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
loved brothers and sisters, when Malka was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born -- to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary leader of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaysia from Madaga, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Mallard."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admired it in my school.
You may ask, why should I mention the admiration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I must mention it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life life.
In a school means the recognition of their identity and its name.
An admiration to school means that has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was complicated by the Canadian dress, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the leaders of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give me to my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence.
I encouraged him to sit with me when my friends came to me.
He encouraged me to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've shared all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for empathy.
I taught my daughters, teaching students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson called subject.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the translation.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls who were analyzed and the standards killed.
They suffered millions, but a few spoke -- and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and adjust when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Galileo was lifted and raised for the right to education.
He wrote a daily day for the BBC blog, she offered himself for the New York Times, and I talked about every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread like a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the nine of October 2012, they shot me to corruption in the head.
It was a favorite day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife -- "I should blame my daughter for what happened to my daughter, your daughter.
And he was instantly told to me, "Please don't blame me.
Desert the cause of justice.
They put your life in play by the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protected.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Galileo was in the hospital and he had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spreading through my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my head smile and my face on my face.
I'm going to get good. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and we were considered.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his homework.
You fight his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malawi so brave and expressive and economic?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Mountain group of Google, where I have had a divide to my charge, the Golden X visualization divide -- but all the work I talk about today here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you join a brain operation.
Are you just just as smart or not?
Not to be like this, can you be smart?
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that created important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixture of chemicals, and trying to get them, to keep with life.
More than once I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiment, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there really doesn't have a clear map that says it in dentist.
I started testing with different mixes -- and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my autonomy, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case, for a few months, I tested typical doses and chemicals for a marriage man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always fundamentally, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some attacked versions.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying -- a lot of insecure, fixing a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when we adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to recover my intelligence after disease and surgery, my creative thought, my whole flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost about images, and that became my key reference point -- how do you get those mental images that I used to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to try and try new ideas and recreate situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like Huma, Desks and Honestanders see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are those who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how mind works. For me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have already lots of great mental images, really visitor, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination just to steer the world that has the front?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to this with two recent experiments made by two democratic groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Girly Gandhis and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as you could imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right is created by the content of the central column on the left of the left -- you see that the difference is almost nine.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nine.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Galapago in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recognizing visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it was shown to hundreds of hundreds of YouTube videos as their brains were taken to create a huge range of reactions of the brain to video sequences.
Then I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scanning is.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan I described it to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer depressions, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This was letting us outbreaks.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the largest resolution systems of higher resolution available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is opening up the skull and introduced electrodes in.
I don't offer me for that.
So many of them are proposing new processing techniques for images, even me. Tell us about the recent MRI result -- first we should ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution, don't increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets -- let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different areas, like making a spring.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at MRI were to make really large magnets -- right?
However, most of the recent advances in reinventing ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decline, in the transmission and frequency receivers of FM radio in MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the FM radius.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency processing, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scanner.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create increase in the thousands that we need.
When we use MRI we should be able to measure not just the flow of outside blood, but the hormones and neuroscientists I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas into the digital media.
Can you imagine if we could pass above language and communicate directly through thinking about it?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be urban to use it as tools to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
So anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay arm.
I think we all have arms.
His closet, maybe to tell some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have taken advantage in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary enormously -- the experience of having lived and coming out of that arm is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Wall Canada, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the multi-damaged military," not to turn out my shoes, to quote the letters of Ann Di France as a literature.
And I'm going to be aware that because of the angle of my short screen, and for having affected your head it was a little bit, I would ask me usually a small child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would squeeze my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a short short.
The father was uncomfortable in the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would run inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, again.
"You're a kid or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and he was about to go from filled in the female issues at the table.  I had the quote from Betty French.
The quote of Gloria Steven.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I was breathing tono and I went down and I looked at it and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist devil, just a girl with a question, "Are you a kid or a girl?
So I was breathing tone again, I put a little bit about it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see child clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the kind of girl of a comfortable pajamas.
And that little girl looked at me still paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that's it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the panel that I asked you to?
It was the easiest conversation of all of us ever had.
And why? Because the girl in the panel and I, both of us were honest one with the other.
Just like many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a crazy.
But inside the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet, it's not different to your own or your yours.
And I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who has declared a broken bank is harder than saying it's been fortunate?
Who can tell me that this story that I'm talking about is harder than telling your five year-old child to divide?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We should stop classified what is difficult with respect to what difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make sure feeling security, or at least safer than what the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are, an arm is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, which had a horse tail, a search and high heel shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child who would go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, running on a corner of my dark armerse by putting my gay grade, and the move only one muscle is the most scary thing I ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that grade, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launch launch was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay, and by doing my honor lady laboratories, in my black dress and the colleges, I walked around the tables and finally I came to a where my parents' friends, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted, "I love Nathan Langua."
And the battle of the gay tree had begun.
"Are you ever in the Cassine?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fantastic."
"Ah, you know my state Antaneon state?
It's very good and never talked about having a note."
"And "Hey, what's your favorite TV show.
Will our favorite program? Will and Grace and Grace and Grace and Grace is.
And you know who loves us? Jack James."
Jack is our favorite favorite."
And then a woman, described but waiting to show desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said that I was like, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink camps?
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the grains of cattle.
Sure, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt less.
It's not very hard to find them and realize that they were preparing it.
And what else can you ask someone, but to force?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how the hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anybody who I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Panglames girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any arm is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armed. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee didn't have arm, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genes, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directions. Just tell you. They take your parallels.
If you know they're gay, tell you.
If you say to your parents that maybe they might be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let me go.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out of safe wounds and tell me that they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will be disappointed -- but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark arm by making a grade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boule. Enjoy the slate.
Integration, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Exercition Disconnect that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of a submarine can novel.
When Express Show wrote this as a critic to the pioneers of the computer like Alan Turing as Alan Turing critical.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that develop the surface of a planet directly stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adopted for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the planning of robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different subjects and putting them together, asked for a number of years now, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to one and a mile for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F. that acts in order to maximize the future of action.
It acts to maximize the free action of action, or keep the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, even an impending future time, through.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future of action and maintain open choices.
And so having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
The level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more destruction, or "entrepreneur," during their life should have trends more favorable conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what if that tangible cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence inhibits a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually comes directly from it?
To find it out, we've developed a software engine called Anthropology, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system where it is inside.
Amazingly, Interpretation could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money trade action, all of it without having been invited to do that.
Here are some examples of anthropology in action.
Just like a hundred foot human, here we see Extraction balancing automatically a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave him a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the position.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out the extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Interpretation can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Intermeal is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illuminating its potential for the game.
Here we see Entrypone organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network well connected.
This same network of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Anti-and organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering with success and using the Panama Canal, to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Interpretation is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Entrypone spontaneously discover and execute a startup strategy, sell in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under its exponentially exposed.
This risk of risk management is going to have huge applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wikipedians: What you've seen is that a variety of smart cognitive behavior of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them are derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the use of the term tool, the "Rush work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be.
The machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then metalish and trying to get away from the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all future possible future is a more fundamental principle than intelligence, that general intelligence can actually come directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, how do you look for goals to get rid of this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence, or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the concern of stars and losing the planet we call "Harbon."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits the Earth in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which is what points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light around us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets besides the distance between them and their stem star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this potentially habitable set of world, our own planet is circumstancing under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014.
Graphics and sea ice that have been with us from billions now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale has gone out quickly our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I was looking for alien opportunities in the embarrassing sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search search in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet recently discovered and the planets we know better."
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rich, and despite being a little further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world that shows this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our volunteers like the Curiosity track their surface in search of clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MOOCA mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But despite all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and paintings, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the devastating areas of our planet that are still going to collect, places really excited about comparison with Mars.
Even in the smallest and most elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and ready oxygen respect by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for Mars colonization, and other stream planets with a big and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this inflammation surface that we know is truly habitable, the Earth.
As much as I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the price of truth will have place later.
But the targets for international exploration and Earth preservation is not controlled.
No, they're actually faces of the same community: the goal of understanding and preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as extraterrestrial landscape.
You just find it closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile and internal areas on Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, Enrico Fermanda Feynman said, "I realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the existence of extraterrestrial life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become technologically advanced to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that just the interplanetary colonization, we will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open up all the other doors and windows and all were well closed.
I thought about calling a clothes, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a clothes could take a lot of time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was making my passport and my bag.
It would be expensive, but surely not more expensive than a middle to a half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was going to be fine.
I'm a professor neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
So liberal freedom that increases the heart rhythm, I model the levels of adrenaline and the non-live thing.
And when I got to the computer show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that could do, systems that I could put in their place, that they prevent bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, which minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts were not criticized.
I was singing with my colleague Danny Kamasa, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed told him that he broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a protected respect.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, known as the primate print.
They all know what the post-conflict is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the print, as Danny explained -- you look forward and try and find out all the things that you could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent that things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some of the things that we can do in the form of a primate.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to give you a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our spatial memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothese, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of important things, where the good one, where the fish are, which is the startup of the fruit trees, where the tribes are living and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is surrounded in the London tasks.
It's the part of the brain that allows you to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the operating sense of the boats, and they could still find their nuts.
They didn't use the surface, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move too much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing cars of car, reading goggles and passions.
So at home they get a place for keys, a hook next to door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular charge.
For their reading glasses -- a particular thing.
If you give you a place and they're programming with it your stuff will always be there when you look at them.
What about travels?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards -- driver's license, passenger, take it up to themselves so that they're in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, it can facilitate subjectivity.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases coral.
Court is toxic and endure thinking.
So part of the primary practice is to recognize that under stress we're not at the best time, and you have to put the systems in their site.
And there is perhaps no more stressful situation than when you're faced with a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention, or the one being loved to help them with a decision.
And that's why I want to talk about that.
And talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is created as a property for all of the decision-making of medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you need to take from which a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high."
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to the heart, department brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the color, a station."
And maybe you've heard of the statistics, and it knows that it's one of the most realistic drugs in the world today, it's even likely that you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, reminded the state?
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask from which most physicians don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NGO, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, NGOs?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or go to a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of disaster designed is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't get me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor of the doctor, and if it's somebody else's fault.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the SMS estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely regulated season -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is according to the research of cynical researchers Jerusalem German and Pamela Harryan, confirmed independently by Baliefoveran.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack or brain search or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol will come down.
Why not -- doctor, tear the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "Hello of the secondary effects -- right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- developing muscle pain and articulate pain pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress they don't think of clearly.
So think about how you would take this over time, so you don't have to manufacture the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out of the drug that the drug helps you.
I don't say they should either take the stage.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, is part of the very informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needed to treat is pretty typical.
For the surgery, which is more done in men over 50, expansion of prostate per cancer, the number needed to treat is 49 percent.
So it is, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped to.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the importance or the discovery of it, universal inconvenience, straight legaliz, fecal inconvenience.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent the effects will only last one year or two.
So the idea of primate is to think about the questions that you can argue to make the conversation forward.
You don't have to manufacture all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change on the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cut under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- it doesn't need the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to quickly. They could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those stress moments is the rational logical thought, like Danny Kamana and his colleagues have shown it.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defenseless.
We are all going to fail every single time.
The idea is to think about the future how those fails, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize damage or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
By stealing at the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a curve of combination alongside the door, with a key to the gate door in the same way, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of mail messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pinot, pay is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing sure.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a pair on the score, you need to play more gently on.
Two penguins: even more sustainable.
Four penguin, extremely soft four.
This is my drawing of a piano tree -- there you see that no matter how many thousand and thousands of chair can be, you will never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the AALC besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came over in the 1800s, and with the time of time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language that we now know like ALS.
So it's a story of about 200 years.
And I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, commercials, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do you understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and they amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't blow the door.
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of the fragile paper?
"Don't error, and when you're eating, I make sure that you don't get the covers on the plate."
This is all called sound "late."
Maybe I think about the most than the average person does it.
I'm a surface of sound.
And I'm always waiting with software sort of sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: So to decide.
TBM, to continue.
ADHD.
You can see that the pen doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle and marginal boats.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "mental in the ALS.
A typical painting has five lines.
However, to me, doing the age of my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Am I going to distance more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it tactile or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and find it.
I started creating a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a small, it was something of a short person.
And sound is so powerful that well I could stand up to me and my artistic work, or I could be empowering.
I chose that I would be empated.
There's a massive culture around language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me just as and become my voice.
So I'm able to be able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of AALC.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking you to borrow their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high rate of interest.
If I won't continue to continue with this practice, I feel that I could get away in the forget and not have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALA.
For example, a musical note can be captured and express in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AALC.
The two are very spatial and highly modified what that means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning both of the signals and the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how the AALC works.
So imagine a piano.
ALS is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression, the motion of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, like it was only put a keyboard at a time.
However, the AAACA is more like an architect, you need the 10 fingers in a simulated form to express a clear concept or an idea in AALC.
If only a keyboard would change the stream, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and emitted and volume.
In AALC, using these different graphic parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is in that."
This is the signal in it."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was headly.
Ooh, Oh.
What are you looking like?
Oh, that's all right.
So I started thinking, and if I see AAACL through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the side of day, the sun comes out and you stop.
This is all the day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a piece of music.
Every day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you all night.
Every night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "No "No, "The night "Front "Now "The Night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AALC and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one heroes. It's a hand, two heights -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "passed "Alby" -- and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was one time.
"The common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
But when I see the word "moment "moment," I think automatically at the same time."
See MB: Right, right, MI: left hand.
We have the philanthropy through the head and the chest.
(Africa," MIT, "Grandma "Fold "The Chest: E, "Grand Florida, I'm going to show you a shape of your hand called "flat "grandmother."
Can you do that with me?
All of the hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in your head like chest, something like common time, or at the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "leaving the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "Clean collection at AALC.
Now, the third one. Please take me again.
And again.
It's "light in the ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Look, "Collection and "light."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different.
It's amazing to see how the AAACA is alive and proposition, like music.
However, today, we live in a very court world.
And just because the AAACL doesn't have sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what defines social value and allow the ALS to develop its own value, no sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AALC.
The AAACA is a rich transportation, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears open, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Kharall: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can throw everything, but then you have to wipe it up."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or a bubble of ignorance I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults are also underway and they're not very good to clean out others.
The time country, I'm now adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach transplant with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it it.
It's sad to say, but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a small thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started to build this messy work table for the very low adult kids to also be able to participate.
And I'm going to tell you, children who make electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragility.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we will only collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are excited about robots.
Then we created quickly what we call a prototype.
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform limits and web cameras in access and we put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer can process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an assumption about the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for the inventors called "environmentalists: with the hope that someone gets better even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem: But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they take the Internet, and they took this image."
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using hands, in Sunday, the largest mangrove rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water in which they were balling, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and the oil also is brown color and when everything is mixed up, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can burn through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further away, maybe to address a more difficult problem, and also closer to me.
I'm a half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they set up several giant waves, called the stations, and those stations destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Furbody, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has the plantation of the platform for 333.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fussion everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation is coming out of the Japanese coast, and most of the time, has a safe aspect of it, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've returned to Fussiosit every year from accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here is the use of different masks here.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously -- but they did it because they're going to have to live with radicalization all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategy, the international, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the employer map, we introduced pigs to represent data in real time of radiation, and we were running water to simulate the rain.
So with this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was leaking from the top of the mountain to the red system and devoted in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to the nuclear central to the date.
We are approaching up to a mile from nuclear center, and with the aid of fishermen in the area we were collecting sediments of the sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and became the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical -- basically, you can build almost out there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students, appropriate." Acceptabustic."
Ceast Harvard," we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming its standard wheelchair chairs into new electrical vehicles?
Plastic, oil and productivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientists, creators -- we have to prepare the next generation for the environment and the people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two radical design cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, another one of a single thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic.
One means about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel Angeless said that when he looked at the business problem, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The list was only tool of Michelan English.
But living beings are not filmed up.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information that is required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by reductions of manufacturing and production.
Mountain lines have discussed a world made of parts, by looking at the imagination of designers and architects in order to think about their objects as an exhibitions of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find the storms of honor material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are thin with diagnosed portals.
The skin skins are more thick with little pigs.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mostly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, no states.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work today between the bottom and the gene, between the machine and the growth, between the sensor and the Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, leaving the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why couldn't this be possible 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they connect four disciplines that offers to access designers to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, a large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-hour scope of diameter with a verbal basis that one day not very far away to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanotechnology made by genetically modified machines that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the talent, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each open is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a fantasy. This was for a fashion development from Paris with Iran van Herron. It's like a second skin made from a single piece, right in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Along with 3D Prosthetic programmers, we print this layer and raise 3D without cortex between cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microbes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allows it to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also absorb sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this progressive pattern of surface, it becomes soberies.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in right, property and color, correspond to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, will vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another sensor, but vary continuously and delivered material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she satells: "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit tree cardiovascular tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between the transportation, branches and leaves and fruits for that.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches and corrections, shortcuts and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What would the design be if the objects were made from one piece.
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant problem on the planet is called a tape, and about 100 million tons of tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and springs and butterflies and butterflies themselves.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marine.  We asked a lot of shrimp cartoons, and we put them together and we produced a grass cake.
Looking at chemical concentrations we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple boundaries of extraordinary controlled extraction.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them pick up to find a natural form to the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic provider?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of printing process were used to contain Photoshop microscopes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of water to scale, and if you get even more, to windows.
A fruit tree loaded in fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a man-made structure to shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part: for the objects designed to be growing into the sea, they will feed the marine life, and put them on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adoption for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We looked at the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for international travel.
To do that, we must dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created complex, made in an additive form and augmented by biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid algorithm -- only instead of bringing precise metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microorganisms.
The first is characteristic.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater streams.
And the second one, E. collect, the bacteria that lies in the human intestine.
One convert light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive space, which will help you flow these bacteria and to alter their function of path.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, dumping the properties of the material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photographers, we designed more transparent channels.
This pornial digital system -- when it stretches from one end to another, it would take 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our delicate international.
And here it is, as a president at TED, our first pornography potatoes, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shell said, "We are creatures. Only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue.
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
It grows up. It adds with social.
This house of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which it is metaling.
The nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of sophistication, right?
It does that by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations of it.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, by using those fibers to each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first sits in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to thread a company of compression.
The tension and the company, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the grass.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch -- not inside a box, we realized that he ice a flat cord and still metabolizing soundscaped.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the shape, the composition -- the color structure -- is transmitted directly by the environment.
They are often hypothering the silk worms to the death within their caps, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that design these plans, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single chain.
They are messy metaling, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a Hindu robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into more dark and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
And so we create holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat it, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the progressions.
We asked 65,000 silk worms to a line farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to thread with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and as they have blocked, they created, they spread, they put eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
As a high biological silk on the icy silk robotically, they give all this pavilion their integrity ...
And in a little over two or three weeks, 65,000 miles of silk stops 6,000 miles away.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
Police, after the iceberg, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pales in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A hill silk through a robotic arm, the other empty floor.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new age of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, we make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be about?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What do you want to be about?
It has caused you some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be about more?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school I liked English, the materials and art and developed websites, and I was playing the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist all ways, because I have dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boring, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive into it, and I let me absorb and I feel -- I have found my moment: and then again this point where I start to break.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all my other passions and let me get bored.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad about me for not to be defined by anything.
I worried about having fear to compromise or being dispersed, or to automatically automatically automatically scare my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to do then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We ask ourselves, "What do you want to be about more?
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you answer at that age.
You think of an naive question to provoke cute answers in children like, "Be a astronaut, or be dancer, or "I want to be a pick."
They insert Florida discourage.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, for me, ethnic, to high school students ask you to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be about more?
It's going to happen to be the cute exercise of before we take the dream.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults well intentional you might be laughing and say, "Oh, what a nice, but you can't be artistic of violent and psychologist.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Children -- and he is artistic of rape and paradigm.
And this Amy NG, review of review converted into illustration, entrepreneurs and teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of centralized life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the true volcano, the idea that each of us has something to dedicate for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there is something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplexia.
A crowd is somebody with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a cheap so to say.
It could help if it's divided in three parts, multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, reconciliation.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Short refers to us as "singers."
Use any term you like or invented yourself.
It seems like a kind of a control to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see multi-millionaire as a limitation or a action that you need to be seen.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths of being like this.
Here are three multinational supermarkets.
One, the sense of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
Mr. Hung and Rachel Billia was expressing their shared interests on charge, visualization of data, travel, math and design, by founding Messeria.
Messette is a company who creates jams who are geologically.
Al Shi and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his economic micro-control of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the Maldives, with all their background, can access a lot of these intersection points.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested with something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be prime, by having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we think, so we rarely start from scratch.
Norman Dung is a full-time trip and written writing.
As a child periodic child a incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism known.
Before becoming writing, Norden was financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for the editors for the editors to do.
It rarely is a waste of time to be devoted to what you get to you, even if you leave it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third global superpower is adaptability. I mean, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abu Carolina is sometimes director of videos, other websites, web designers, sometimes consumers from Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bon.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles down, depending on the needs of its clients.
The Master Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be put to meet the needs of the market, the ones that will really thrive.
So ideas of ideas, quickly learning and adaptability," three skills where the crowds are very adept and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to promote the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They went out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made out of a specialists and a manager that was related.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the crowd offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are arriving with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the crowds largely are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: reconciled with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then, especially for all the media.
That's where you get the best of you.
But for the crowd in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, reconciled with your many passions.
Keep their curiosity for those controller machines.
They explore the intersections.
And embracing our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiplexia, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1900, a woman named Australia took it to a psychiatrist in France.
They were all destroyed and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaskama.
Alander didn't know how to help Australia, but he was flying through it, until unfortunately, he passed up in 1996.
After his death, Alaska did a car and found strange and vivid plates in the Australia brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
It's even more surprising.
If Australia had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alaska gave him 114 years ago.
Alan was Dr. Alan Alzheimer's Dr.
And August Department, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered, and vaccines to protect us from the infections -- many treatments for cancer, anti-care antibiotics, stations for cartoons and much more.
But it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the ability to hire Alzheimer's will be almost one in two of them.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their faces with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or to be dear with Alzheimer's.
Just in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent at Alzheimer's disease.
It is the most expensive disease today, and their cost gives up a five times increase in the year 2050, as the generation of the baby boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent or cure or even slow their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times every year in the cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, everybody, even scientists, conflict Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be responsive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to designing a loss loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange pieces in the YouTube brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know they're made from protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are paralyzed.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay in the outside.
This makes protein molecules stick into each other, forming groups that can form large plates and films.
That's what we see in the patients of Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distribution works.
There are lots of steps, and the imagination of what step block is complex, like developing a bomb.
cutting a wire could do nothing.
Caring others can make the pump explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and expected the best.
But now there's a different group of people, doctors, biologists, engineers, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in the worms.
These are healthy worms -- and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are stuck in each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's people.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they sound and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 144 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to see Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince us that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we tried, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have brought more research and exercise on governments, drug industry, about scientists and legislators and legalistics.
That was essential to move on HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to see cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved beings day and night, are often too straight to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's not a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talking for them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers get together to ask 36 increasingly personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
As you move forward, these are more and more personal.
Number 30, I really like -- I tell your partner what you get from him or her, I know very sincere this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but certainly I was introduced.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love me.
However, we fell in love, and --  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Columbia Museum a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are you still going to stay together?
And the reason I believe that this is because they've been asked by this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just my friends from Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably reach thousands of views.
And that brings a good attention of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published in line a Friday at night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday was already called the Top Show and the Google Monterey America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million hits, and I was like, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with awareness about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call me or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always asked the same question: still still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email with the phrase, "Are you still together?
Several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman shout up to the stage, "Hey, Manhattan where is your night?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the responsibility of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have taken life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse before all this attention was to be very miserable with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we would both make a public appearance together.
I took television interviews, and I remember the photos of pictures of the two.
I think it was afraid to become the increased images of the marriage process -- a range for which I didn't sit at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked. I mean, if I was able to produce lost love, not just an adventure, but love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt about everything, people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we follow together or not, and also tell it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Arabia wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I sought to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Iran called Person's personal open, progressive and record.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study itself worked.
The participants felt more close after doing it. Several later studies were also used by the Protocell Prize protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people from opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal art, and then a student came to me and told me with the story: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed described by it.
And I said, "Do you want to say that you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a cause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends.
Did you feel that they were able to know better after proving the study?
The assistance.
So, it works: I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was looking at a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much my entire adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I went into science.
I looked at everything that I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that that could sort of be able to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just research for the book I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems to really obsessed.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and just like I sat then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can tell you that what I look for is sometimes more than reasonably you can express me.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee -- not just to be loved today and to be beloved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were even together.
The story that the media said about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because in love it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that says, "Are they still together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would argue that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How to stay in love when things compete -- and how do you know when to cut and distract?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love anybody.
So if you want the quick version of the history of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But in love is not the same thing as staying in love.
Looking at is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We are looking at in love because we took the choice to be.
And I shudder a little bit by reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be choice.
I don't think about how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I would keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always pick up or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous and nice and fun and expressed that choice in the largest day of the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I don't think really.
And what I look for, and what I may spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy happy ending on the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some linked leaves in a mountain and in some ways I got a genome of the forest.
The city of New York City is a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I bury a billion of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado somewhere.
And I thought some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later, and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the sports.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surface and all these weird things, and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all the pages and I made a kind of square clinics at the Agnes Martin style, and I covered it in resin, and a bee was caught off.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it is allergic to them, so I get more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like I grew out of size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying magnifying text.
So I did it? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all that I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow them off, draw the same way around a career in the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own taxes of inventions invented.
First, books, you can make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the reserve layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to School.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with human beings in human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the resident was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers -- similar to the drawing on a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that they formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin, and so this.
So I did this for years, and my work cloud with something very big, I call "The Tragedy.
For the "The Technology, I was largely inspired in "The Harry of Developers Boston Delicious that is a painting at the Easter Museum in Spain.
Do you know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the "The Telescope. I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double fat, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the maggots.
There is a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analytical mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where the creatures with the heads of animals are headed to the ground, ready to stay in mass shooting in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird box attached to an adolescence.
Billy Graham is in the sea -- the Horing -- the oil platform of the spider -- warming the Mission bin Laden. There are all kinds of rare things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a culture.
He's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes up with clouds.
Their hands are like balloons, and it looks like a mythological being microscopic that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's one aspect of the transit."
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a translator, like a bird pile, and I spit clouds from this trap.
It also has a $50 feet long, a snake tail that joins the "The Tragedy.
Anyway, their tail is presenting fire when you put on a fly.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a block of collection made from terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were made in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
A lot of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are electricity, dictionaries or magazine.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a form of human being, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a micro-control microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest, you can get the entrance in.
I'm going to take you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or notice, or whatever it does, a kind of anti-and-a-half thing.
It's a quick job of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body paralyzed by half.
This has two heads and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue in the head.
There is a little forest scene inside the extra city.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pieropei World.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a radio, a radio emissions, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We put the box and all the people in the inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you have to do that and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with lunch and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get your head?
Take a speech.
But so this pill has the effect against pain, first of all, the intersections and the other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and wave system so that any drug in the body.
Development, though, is that when any drug is slides.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are them to decrease the number of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of CDP.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they tend to get to the blood stream, they sleep, and worse even for the time they tend to get to their destination, which is where it's most important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incidentally, and it doesn't easily go into the blood stream of the patients that support the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a lifelong treatment of life.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "Can we get the treatment directly to the destruction of the virus, without the risk of diagnosis of drugs?
As a scientific expert, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery, you can be used for anything you can imagine, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we are now using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best they ask, "How is that possible?
We send a little laser beam laser on the cellular membrane, infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains drugs.
The laser brings the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microphones.
Before you even realized, the hole is repeated immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or Party plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incident in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes into the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep open cells.
Well, this doesn't look a lot about time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all researchers of HIV -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed arms of state organizations, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand better to these agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent conflict.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a distance between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between the states and the non-governmental actors.
For example, of the 26th peace arrangements between 1975, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we should even engage them or defeat them in any resolution process of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzed what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the policies don't really relate to it.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less developing them, without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Bible Billied known for its violent cooling against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980s, Henry has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamascope, known for its suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Bank since 2007.
So these groups do more than simply shooting.
They're multiple.
They take a complex modulation of communication stations, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have ISAA magazine, and it printed in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups are also investing in a complex fundraising conclusion without sandwich, but through profitable businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else, they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put professional training programs or microscope programming.
Hendraz offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't bring: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped through the war or even the beginning of ISIS accessible, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006, Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, they participate on violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and the sophisticated these organizations, the less we can catalog them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Hendra?
They dominate a part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a regular group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISAR?
The lines spreads.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hydrogen, and the richer the states are, as in the Middle East today, the more they intervene and they fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that government gap has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand armed groups, we will understand better than incentives to offer the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but we won't give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist woman.
My opinions about gender equality are very beautifully, but afraid of accepting the female tag would be unfair for females.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I get a bad feminist for me.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Female," and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Male Feminism.
So what started as a personal joke attached to myself and a deliberate conservation, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminist ideas, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was trying to be female.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of it.
For me, certain claims are irrespective, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without needing legislative controls or donating doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that do a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession here.
When I go to work, I hear rap music painting all the volume.
Even though the letter degrading women and faced me deeply, the classic "Samage Shanghai of the New York Twin is incredible.
Make it true with your local t-shirt.
Performing, give, move it till you hit the concern."
Think about it.
Poetry poetry, right?
I'm completely marined by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the care of garbage and the care of the capital and the maintenance of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Bachelone and the romantic conditions, and I have abuse fantasy of the stories that make it happen.
Some of my kids are more destroyed.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his election, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that election, too.
The problem isn't that it becomes economically vulnerable through this choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
It recognizes the conventional feminism that has ignored or devoted historically the needs of color women, the workers, the homographics and transplants, in favor of white women, holiday, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist female.
It also happens this: As a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put off females in a pediatric.
We hope that they hold the perfect.
When they tell us, we will take them a lot of taste from the same pediatrician where we put them.
As I said, I'm a mess. I already consider that peripheral before they try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being tagged as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means -- by fear not to be able to deal with the little really realistic expectations.
Take for example to Berkeley, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a decline called a decline.
In the Muslim Museum of 2014, in MIT, it acts in front of the word "shell that three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this star star absolutely embracing the feminism and making women know the young men that being feminist is something to be proud.
Last time, cultural critics started endless debates if Berkeley was or not quite a feminist one.
They rank their feminism instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demanded the perfection of the feminist because we're still fighting for much, we want a lot, we need so much very carefully.
We go very much beyond the sensory and constructive criticism to design the feminism of any woman, to destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad female, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We move from recognizing our implications to realize the action and being a little bit more valuable.
If I hear graduate music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we exercise change affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does your music have to be so paradising?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my shortcuts, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decisions and brilliant, and also very brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
They are being appreciated by the strong creatures that are.
I think about them, suddenly the best option is visited as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sports -- it goes to the Troomist of Treas.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as bombs of bomb.
In any case, men, especially white men, homeowners can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number enough of women, both to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be including even more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision making.
Since we are not a little bit -- without these efforts, without embracing these positions.
We can make these small acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the power of directors and movie producers and music, CEOs, the people that can make great decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and significant change.
We can also claim our feminism value, well, bad, or any of the things.
The last line of my book Mald Female," says, "I would rather be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and the feminism helped me pick it out.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know the kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like anything.
I started to believe that it was not anything.
They stole my voice, and after all, I didn't believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it came back to me.
It gets me in a stronger version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was not anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and female, I also found that if it was a little bad, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the whole thing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave when you need such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 132 children in California had been afraid of having visited Devil or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, getting over 100 children in Russia.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a dense immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the police about autism and depressed vaccines, described and marked by being a fragile fragment by the British Medical Jordan."
Doesn't most intelligent scientists believe the theory that vaccines cause autism is a study?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism increase over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it create the whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started shooting up.
Force fundraising organizations like autism Springs are responsible to autism as an epidemic as if I could get from another child in Denter.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the University of Disease Control, what's going on, tend to be based on phrases as "private diagnostic critics, and a better detection of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't tell a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to wonder, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow and category of science than the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story was failed, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kansa, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1947, Kansa published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to be private worlds that seemed to be able to have private worlds -- even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours for hours to their faces, but they were prey from the panic by the members as when they didn't put their favorite toys in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the basis of the patients treated in their clinic, Kansa speculated that autism is very rare.
By the age of 1950, as a main authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as he collected references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kansas criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very restriction.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
It was once charged that he had converted to nine in every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
I classify autism as a form of child physicists caused by cold parents and disasters.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are addressed in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I was two years old.
When his mother put one of his favorite records. He correctly said, "Beauty said, "Beauty.
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like children were simply checking what they had heard their parents forever, desperate to win their approval parents.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the Christmas theory that autism was weird.
Long Wing, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of mothers named from Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
Long and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie without special support, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and his colleague Judith Google decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did a study of prevalence of autism in the general population.
They put a suburb from London called Carbon to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were cooled in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the general of it.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in beautiful squares and advanced picks, as Judianse, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kansas monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been allowed by these children before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Archie article. And then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the Louis husband was speaking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Aspiric, who runs a clinic integrated with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Apple for the teaching of children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercise with music, and children follow their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Aspiring described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
Finally, Alexander saw autism as a diverse continuum that was able to run an amazing variety of donor and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architecture known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the distributed teacher scientist.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a little autism is essential.
Long and Judian found that Kanzi was wrong that autism was a concern, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnostic that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic species."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into a visit, subjective the limited model of Kansas by a wide and inclusive and inclusive.
These changes didn't fall in broken sacred.
In fact, when London and Judian worked between backgrounds to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "River Manhattan came out in 1988, just a little circle, encouraged by experts knew what autism was -- but after the inevitable performance of Dusty Hollywood like Ramada Babylonian and the recognition of "River Man with four prize from the Academy and periods, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that small circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "River Manhattan: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics began to rise to, like President London and Judian, actually hoped that it were, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that were seen.
So Andrew Walmart came to blame vaccines by increase in diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, private history as bad as the Washington theory that autism was seriously.
If the current estimate of the prevalence center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have been joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for new medical advances -- by taking the term "resolution to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken up.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily different, obviously social, and suffer from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, who believed that the cure for the most incapable aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zasach Zackers once said, "We need all the hands in covered to create the ship of humanity.
As we navigate into an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste no brain.
Thank you.
